there are story developments that are beyond ludicrous , and plot holes you could drive a winnebago through . 
my suggestion would be to hang up on it before the opening credits are over . saying it is a waste of time 
sadly , it does n't work very well . if you want to see a big ball of goop terrorize a town , then i would say that you should skip the remake and rent the original . 
depp plays thompson as groucho marks filtered through george c . scott in patton - a gimmicky performance which works against the biting satire of thompson 's dialogue . 
and so we are basically left with feeling as if we wasted our time . 
this film from the seattle international film festival 2001 's emerging masters series is easily one of the year 's worst 
it does n't even matter that eszterhas tags " penile implant " after his own name when he makes a cameo , because it seems like such a desperate attempt to feign self - deprecation . 
that 's pretty disasterous when you consider that it 's primarily a comedy . 
basically , " lake placid " is best undiscovered . 
in the beginning , in fact , i was amazed at how amateurish stone 's performance was , but as the film progressed she got better . 
it 's a mystery how on earth this movie was ever made , and i 'm not just saying that because it 's so mediocre . how odd for disney to take a gamble on a film with an unknown director starring virtually unknown actors that does n't seem to appeal to any particular demographic and 
unfortunately , michael winner does n't know how to work out the plot , and after torturing the viewers with mostly uninteresting characters and cliched and formulaic situations , ends this movie with a bang . 
the plot , which is told in endless flashbacks , concerns the assassination of the secretary through a scheme set up by some malevolent businessmen ? 
he is one of the most bland characters , in a film full of dullness , because he is so utterly predictable and stereotypical , a common trait of this poor production . 
this , undoubtedly , is eddie murphy 's worst movie and that 's an accomplishment . 
the melodrama is n't of the entertaining kind either ; it 's the hokey , rammed - down - your - throat variety where every emotion is exaggerated to the point of absurdity . 
it seemed goofy and cut the dramatic tension considerably . 
what the hell is up with that damn crab ? 
racism passing as humor -- gosh why did n't anybody ever think of that one before ? 
the rest of the actors become caricatures in this by - the - numbers thriller . 
any hopeful expectations , however , are soon vanquished as the film settles upon being an uninvolving mismatched - buddy movie which is rarely as funny as it aspires to be nor nearly as affecting as it eventually strives to be in the film 's latter half . 
it 's almost cruel . 
this is the sort of movie that only a huge fan of one or more of the cast members should rent , and even then prepare for disappointment . 
performances aside , it would be really hard to enjoy this film 
, " the princess diaries " is recommended for eight - and - a - half year olds of the feminine persuasion * only * ; all others would do well to avoid it 
this time , willis is horribly wasted as a general of the u . s . army , who puts a state of martial law over nyc during the climax . 
it does n't make a shred of sense . 
" the song is as grating as ever , but the energy of the number gives the proceedings a much - needed shot in the arm , setting the stage for a wave of self - referential humor stemmed from the screenwriters ' film ideas ( the film almost mirrors robert altman 's the player in the way the film snails into itself ) . 
and it 's not how terribly contrived the plot is , it 's the way it 's broken down scene - by - scene , with absolutely no transition . 
this occurs particularly often during the film 's opening sequence - as terry is wrestling the bedridden nick for his watch in the hospital , i 'm realising that this is * intended * to be funny , although nary a smile crept upon my lips - which is probably due to the obvious fact that it 's painfully clear to the audience from the outset that terry is going to be thwarted in his initial suicide attempts , sapping any element of surprise or amusement from nick 's scheme of tricking him ; this is not a film which has the wherewithal to kill off its leading star in the opening ten minutes . 
the other actors , including isaiah washington , russell wong , henry o and dmx all give the standard mediocre performances . 
it is unfortunate , because i liked the basic premise of the movie , until it became too fantastical and tiresome 
after thousands of headless productions , this theme has become one big clich ? . 
they discover a cilvilization ruled by ra , the sun god ( the androginous jaye davidson , with a voice modifier to make him sound like barry white with asthma ) , and there are fights , explosions and a kiss between two people . 
the authors of this films ( whose director , gene quintano , worked on such projects like third and fourth sequel of police academy ) lacked any original idea before they undertook the projects , and that reflects in the lack plot , characters , and , even original lines . 
i ca n't stress enough how every single element , whether it be a character , the dialogue , a plot " twist " , etc . , is so damn generic that you 'll wonder if * anyone * is working behind the scenes , let alone in front of the camera . 
despite being beautifully made , " wild wild west " becomes quite boring after the half - way point . 
the movie 's outline has some promise , but the movie itself is leaden . 
thumbs up to fichtner then , and thumbs down -- way , way , down -- to everyone else involved in this sorry mess , a movie 
the cast of quality name actors was forced into roles that not even one of them could convert into a mediocre performance , and every story line crashed and burned quicker than it takes for the ball to drop at midnight . 
but what this movie winds up being is a collection of unfunny cringe - inducing moments coupled with uninsightful cringe - inducing moments ; the end result is , unsurprisingly , an unfunny , uninsightful , cringe - inducing , thoroughly icky embarrassment . 
falls flat on a continual basis , culminating in the usual contrived hollywood finale as baldwin is kidnapped and the other cabbies have to go to rescue him . 
our mad scientist is turned invisible ( after several fx - heavy complications ) , then he inexplicably 
skip this dull film , unless you want to see woods , or make fun of steiger 's accent , or see stone 's breasts again . 
2 days in the valley is more or less a pulp fiction knock off . 
die hard 2 is an altogether unfortunate fiasco , inferior to the original in every respect . 
it was a cute moment , but all it really did was remind me just how funny the first film had been , and just how far that this series has fallen . too bad . 
of all the insanely dull and uninteresting couples 
in case you have n't picked up on this yet , possessed by the night is a bottom - of - the - barrel " thriller " ( i use the term " thriller " loosely here ) which is really cheap and bad . 
foolish provided me with no reason to care for these characters . 
natalie portman is all wrong for a part that called for a much grittier quality , but she does n't have too much to work with , either . 
the real problem with the film seems to be helen lee 's inability to decide what she wants to be saying . 
cinematographer lloyd ahern ( who also did the only noteworthy work on hill 's 1995 flop wild bill ) creates some nifty sunburned vistas , but his work is only to keep the eye distracted between the spurts of gunfire and the next bit of counter - productive narration . 
and when they do reunite in the finale , their whole consanguinity is reduced to a repulsively annoying three - minute scene in which they argue like little children . 
there is also a romantic subplot that has been so badly mishandled and , one assumes , drastically cut that you begin to wonder why the filmmakers did n't just edit out all of the scenes attaining to that part of the story . 
critique : completely idiotic . 
it is left to the dads ' romantic fumblings to probide what little humor there is , and it is n't enough . 
modine lacks any charm in an appallingly under - written role , looks bored most of the time , and gets stuck with a trite little speech about how it 's all his father 's fault 
the plot stumbles along at an uneven speed , sometimes dwelling too long on a particular development ( amanda suddenly becoming a great chef , her falling in love with tom , etc . ) , sometimes moving on too quickly for its own good . 
i did not laugh once during this whole sorry experience . 
it belongs back on the shelf . 
the rest of the film 's characters are all well past thirty , though act like annoying high school party animals insulting one and other with a series of strained one - liners 
- boredom shown by long cuts in which nothing happens . 
why the long , unfunny fight in the car park ? 
it did n't work . 
schwarzenegger is a persona , not an actor , so putting him in a role that contradicts his usual strong personality is a bad idea . 
the plot is altogether implausible ; the convoluted story line involves a band of terrorists who take over dulles airport and shut down the control tower , leaving a dozen planes stranded in the air waiting to land . 
* k scene in this film ( and there are many ) is treated in the same unsexy manner . 
" it sucks " ? 
as drama it is monumentally ineffective because it is impossible to care much about anyone in the movie . 
this is jan de bont 's second straight misfire 
another disappointing film from this year 's so - called emerging masters series . 
for those of us who has , it 's a waste of money , time and brain cells . 
despite being blessed with some really amazing cinematography and a brauva performance from osment ( where was this kid when casting calls were going out for the phantom menace ? ) , in the end , the sixth sense is too chalk - full of contradictions and just is n't plausible enough to warrant even a slight recommendation . 
without any of the fun . 
that tries to be scary and shtick but falls flat on its face . 
the dialogue stinks . 
only a few moments which have nothing to do with the film 's main premise offer big laughs instead of cliched emotion . 
this movie is so pathetically pitiful 
place the blame squarely on the shoulders of steven de souza and doug richardson , who wrote the film 's pathetic screenplay . 
but it only took a short tour by the characters around the place to see that the set designers obviously had as much money to burn as the visual effects people did , and decided to take the idiotically overdone route . 
none of these scenes really work , because arnie is n't up to the task . 
a life less ordinary ( r ) while the extremely peculiar a life less ordinary does live up to its title , a more appropriate moniker would be a movie more misguided , for this confused , confusing attempt 
he has some fun fiddling with a southern accent . ) unfunny , overscored , and without a single shred of suspense , chain reaction is * the * summer movie to walk out on . if you make it to the end , a mess of cross - cutting involving another imminent explosion , you 'll hear somebody say " i guess it 's time to go . 
quite sadly too , seeing as how i can discuss everything about the movie and never mention his name . 
a theater guy and sometimes tv writer ( including the series falcone ) , obviously labored over this one as anyone might a first child , but the content is probably too personal . as a result , the movie 's style is heavy - handed , in need of a considerable amount of toning down . 
hopefully , lili taylor will be recognized for doing such a great job in such a bad film . 
that cannibalism idea wears thin mighty fast , as the characters are too absurd and sketched too thinly for us to care about them . 
in snake eyes , he manages to elicit some of the worst performances possible out of a skilled cast . 
with " hanging up , " the only thing she needs to do is completely sever her filmmaking ties with nora ephron , a writer / director / hack who should n't be allowed to work in hollywood again after this big - budget , high - profile debacle . 
has the potential to offend so many . 
verhoeven has instead served up an utterly routine mad slasher flick with nobody to root for and no reason to care . 
otherwise , life is an embarrassment , a blot on the resumes of those associated with it . 
courtroom dramas can be fun , but this is ridiculous . not only is it trite , it 's boring . 
far from a romp , this fatal flaw makes dream with fishes more like a chore to endure than a playful jaunt , and undermines the attempts at emotional resonance in the latter stages of the film as the two men begin to bond . 
but this movie insults us by assuming that we could simply discard our values for 2 hours . 
unfortunately , that is not the case here , where both of the film 's leading characters are thorougly uninteresting and annoying , giving the audience very little to sympathise with their respective plights , and even less reason to want to follow their onscreen exploits . 
the plot is , of course , full of implausibilities . 
the performances are hardly worth talking about . 
this is a sad movie all the way through , but it only gets worse after the opening scenes of arnold and mailman sinbad stampeding through a store , racing off to the mall and hooking up with a santa ( jim belushi ) who runs a bootleg toy factory . 
capitalism has produced some pretty evil things ( chia pets ) , but this ode to excess and violent consumerism is one of the most shameful 
blair witch 2 : book of shadows was a horrible movie . from the poorly - written characters to the implausible story to the plot inconsistencies to the gross - out shots , it was a bad effort through and through . 
often , the villain saves the movie ; unfortunately , the villains here are cartoonish , stupid and unfunny , unmenacing . 
the actors are like dummies being moved about by an unenthusiastic puppeteer , and the dialogue , particularly schmidt 's trite dialogue , falls like the niagra . 
characters ' dialogue , at times , sounded choppy and unintelligible . 
that narration is full of cliches , but those are are not particularly troubling . 
modine lacks any charm in an appallingly under - written role , looks bored most of the time , and gets stuck with a trite little speech about how it 's all his father 's fault 
as campbell , wayans confines himself to bemoaning his new partner 's eccentric habits , but the chemistry between the two is minimal , and seagal 's wooden comebacks make for painful watching . 
in case you have n't picked up on this yet , possessed by the night is a bottom - of - the - barrel " thriller " ( i use the term " thriller " loosely here ) which is really cheap and bad . 
to be honest , walter hill does try to make geronimo the real hero of the film , but the movie segments that deal with the plight of apaches and the uprising are given too little time . instead , they turn out to be nothing more than the back story for rather uninteresting adventure story of gatewood and his band . to make even worse , hill has some real problems with pacing and style , and in the end we have impression that we are watching two films 
but his joan of arc is a mess , despite some stirring battle scenes and the mostly knockout presence of a close - cropped milla jovovich as the maiden herself . 
who greenlit this project ? who " on earth " thought this would entertain anyone ? 
director paul anderson , who helmed last year 's icy thriller , event horizon , does n't show any inventiveness here and instead is content to let the actions play out on screen ad nauseam . 
the movie was scary ( albeit very confusing , dizzying , and nauseating ) at first , but soon the horror got repetitive and downright laughable because the film obviously was n't going anywhere . 
simply irresistible " is not hard to understand , light , funny in some places , and generally disappointing because it ca n't draw the line between romance and protracted sap , between humor and tired slapstick . 
compared to that film , the messenger plays as a crime against history . 
arnold , sinbad and phil hartman crash to the ground more times in this movie than a special olympics hockey team , and the movie dredges up more cliche and less believability with each successive scene . 
only gary sinise rises slightly above the hackneyed material . 
i 'm not calling brooks a racist -- but i am calling him an insensitive bastard who would n't know what was funny if it hit him over the head . 
so dull and pedestrian and nonsensical 
there 's nothing wrong with this concept , but gilliam tries too hard . 
the plot stumbles along at an uneven speed , sometimes dwelling too long on a particular development ( amanda suddenly becoming a great chef , her falling in love with tom , etc . ) , sometimes moving on too quickly for its own good . 
what makes it even worse is eszterhas ' insistence upon telling every bad joke not once , but twice or even three times . 
the animation is rather two - dimensional and flat . 
his exploitation flicks have fallen into a rut of hoary art - house trappings . 
the love story between han ( jet li ) and trish ( aalyah ) , and the mafia intrigues are undeveloped and simplified . 
all in all , compared with some of the hollywood 's examples of political correctness , this film is n't so bad , but we are left with the unpleasant impression that it could have been better . 
the film does not offer much to an adult audience . 
eddie griffin fans may enjoy this derivative ( although offensive ) yarn , but everyone else should stay the hell away . & # 137 ; 
sadly , none of this came to pass . 
gary oldman 's entire part is something of a cheap gag , wild - eyed and way over the top , but at least he is interesting to watch . 
i 'm more inclined to point my finger at robert pucci 's script , which does n't seem to be in tune to the way normal people act . 
it seems like i 'm reviewing cheeseball horror movies on a monthly basis now . 
the plot sucks . 
it 's crude and stereotypical . 
we also get a handful of good actors in small roles that seem to lack purpose . 
in fact , the movie often seems deliberately campy , and it almost reaches the threshold of being so bad 
it 's just not fun at all . 
i ca n't really imagine how this considerably dull story could be transformed into an entertaining one , regardless of the director or stars . 
how is it that so much time passes with neither murder nor character development ? 
this makes for some ridiculous ( albeit unpredictable ) plot twists along the way . 
mysterty , alaska follows a handful of other characters , but none are well developed or worth mentioning 
over one night leaves us with several tedious plot lines to follow . 
it 's a silly , incomprehensible , endlessly stupid mess . 
her talents are essentially wasted here . 
oh , sure , zwick thinks he is making a " meaningful " action film , since he has added lots of exposition scenes in which the audience is basically lectured on the horrors of terrorism , but what he really has made is actually no more substantial than , say , " die hard , " which also starred bruce willis . 
just ca n't keep it 's head above water 
the characters were incredibly flat and cliched . not to mention downright annoying . 
liam neeson and catherine zeta - jones suffer from the dialogue and plot and should not have been in this film . 
and while you 're at it make it borrr - ring . 
in other cases they are overdone and obviously thrown in just for the sake of hitting the " cool shots " quota 
while some of the characters and their respective stories are fairly interesting , they inevitably are brought down as they intersect with the other half of the characters that i really cared absolutely nothing about . if i were to put a number on it , only about half of the story and half the characters in this movie were particularly interesting or otherwise enjoyable to watch . 
the film has zero credibility , and all of the characters come off as cliched , cardboard cut - outs . 
this is so poorly played out you wo n't even care . 
while the story is n't much , and the dialogue and characters rate only marginally better 
unfortunately the script does n't allow much room for improvement , and when his character is used like bookends ( he never shows up in the middle of the film ! ) , we have no time to appreciate what he might have brought to this project . 
die hard 2 should have never been cleared for takeoff . 
the point is not that they ca n't act ( and , for the record , they really _ ca n't _ ) but that their individual personas , which works as a gimmick over the span of a four - minute music video , are too thin to survive outside of the truncated , video bite mtv world . 
i 'm still chuckling about these ludicrous details , but the humiliating dialogue is enough to send one into arrest . 
this tasteless 
began destroying it by pumping out sequels ; even the presence of its original director did n't stop the rapid decline of the quality . 
every line of dialogue reeks of either smarmy sap or forced humor . 
it is merely a waste of time , money and talent . 
it 's too bad that he has yet to redeem his lack of acting talent . 
the characters are broadly - drawn caricatures that are never allowed any depth or development . 
every scene which has any potential for dramatic impact is effectively diffused by either a stupid joke ( in a scene where tension escalates between the two brothers , foolish blurts out towards his jewelry - sporting sibling " you lay one hand on me and this cemetary is going to be a gold rush " ) or something even more idiotic such as foolish smashing his own car ( to which i said , a bit too loudly for the occasion 
no plot to speak of , plenty of raunch , and horribly vogue images of matthew modine downing a bottle of jack daniels and a beer while wrapping himself in a see - through curtain in his hotel room by the sea , by the sea , by the beautiful sea . 
unfortunately , that is not the case here , where both of the film 's leading characters are thorougly uninteresting and annoying , giving the audience very little to sympathise with their respective plights , and even less reason to want to follow their onscreen exploits . 
you 'll understand when i say watch this at your own risk . serving the world for nearly 1/25th of a century ! 
one of the reason would surely be films like national lampoon 's loaded weapon 1 , that , in many ways , symbolise the biggest problem of contemporary american film industry - lack of originality and ideas . being made as some kind of parody on lethal weapon series , this film pairs two l . a . policemen - jack colt ( emilio estevez ) , burn - out alcoholic cop on the edge , and wes luger ( samuel l . jackson ) , by - the - book policeman , days away from retirement . 
but it 's clear how weak this premise is from the get - go and the film just gets worse . 
blade squad is obnoxious . 
here on earth goes in so many wrong directions from the start that by the time its fairly decent ending comes around , its completely worthless . 
ve narration serves as the backbone for an otherwise flimsy coming - of - age story : 
this was evident from the opening scenes of the mad doctors forcing white goo down jeffrey 's throat , and continued throughout the film as the audience is treated to occasional confusing and disorienting footage of what appears to be a ritual massacre of some sort . 
as some kind of a hobo dude with paint all over his face ( do n't ask ) . 
all other actors who appeared were considerably wasted , none more than cathy moriarty , an entertaining actress in her own right , who is billed fourth and has all of one scene , as gloria 's friend whom she turns to for help . 
he has some fun fiddling with a southern accent . ) unfunny , overscored , and without a single shred of suspense , chain reaction is * the * summer movie to walk out on . if you make it to the end , a mess of cross - cutting involving another imminent explosion , you 'll hear somebody say " i guess it 's time to go . 
it failed to reach my funny bone and instead left me mostly annoyed at its slight story and its dark projections for the future . 
simply said , this is movie - making by the numbers , boring , and potentially offensive in going for the lowest common denominator of the audience . 
i 'm not going into much greater detail than that , since it would take forever to explain , and quite frankly , i 'm not willing to spend any more time on it than the 2 hours that i 've already wasted . while it tries very hard to be pulp fiction , 2 days in the valley falls way short 
unfortunately , that did n't happened , and when cannon finally went bankrupt at the end of the decade , behind it stood the huge pile of cinematic garbage , that would require at least few centuries before it reaches the camp appeal . 
he also mumbles and sputters so many of his lines that their weight is lost . 
one scene early on had me particularly annoyed : 
i 'm still shaking my head . 
i found this to be a miserably poor explanation ; if it was in fact the director 's intent , then he needs to have some words with the writer , because it was not made clear at all . 
as i have mentioned , master p can not act or write 
this film was especially annoying because rimbaud 's poems are filled with a visionary tenseness that are not even approached in this film , as the film only manages to skim the surface of the lives of these poets and completely ignores the value of their poetry . 
nearly all the emotions displayed within " hanging up " are patently manufactured , and despite the movie wanting the viewer to care about the characters , aside from eve , why would you want to when they are all spoiled brats ? 
no one was able to rescue this movie from the depths of stale jokes and unoriginality . 
jingle all the way is formula crap that follows the if someone falls on his ass , it must be funny school of thought . 
the method by which jericho locates christine york is equally ludicrous 
for example , although there 's a fair amount of violence in this movie , there 's also the disastrous pairing of seagal with keenen ivory wayans , probably the best known of the wayans tribe ( how many are there , exactly ? ) from television 's " in living colour . 
but the film was done in by its inept script , 
this film has neither the quality of cinematography nor the moments of glory to be highlighted . 
` the skulls ' is so bad 
a slow but harrowing film to be missed if possible . 
and yet , no matter how miserable this film may be , and no matter how poor the acting is all around , there was a ray of a hope for these many bad plots . 
this is definitely one to avoid , folks . 
unfortunately what jewison asked him to do is a load of crap . 
max is played without any style by david schwimmer . 
the only solution that his wife ( magda szubanski , going from delightfully charming to downright annoying ) can come up with is to make an appearance with their new celebrity pet at a national fair ( i think ) and to use the money they earn to pay off the bank ( set aside for the moment the fact that they could get more than enough cash from donations if they just made their case known to the public ) . 
while some of the characters and their respective stories are fairly interesting , they inevitably are brought down as they intersect with the other half of the characters that i really cared absolutely nothing about . if i were to put a number on it , only about half of the story and half the characters in this movie were particularly interesting or otherwise enjoyable to watch . 
like a foreign tourist who screams his lines in english to ensure that he will be understood , cage yells with the ferocity of a man with a bad case of caffeine overload . de palma , whose last great film , the untouchables , was crafted over a decade ago seems to have lost his magic . 
whatever the reason , somebody should tell director phil joanou ( final analysis ) to recut this mess . 
others would probably wince at the lameness of humour . 
this sort of got on the nerves after a while , too . 
a disappointing biography about the homosexual relationship of two famous 19th century french poets . 
the occasional despair that his script requires him to exhibit is excruciatingly forced , as are his warm and fuzzy scenes with his little bro . 
a lost pyramid , which i suppose is all the resource - strapped fx department could come up with ( the special effects are not worthy of a made - for - tv movie ) . which also brings up the question of why the treasure hunters had to slog through numerous underground caverns to get to the lost pyramid , when it 's sitting right out in the middle of an open field ? strictly speaking , " tarzan and the lost city " is n't even bad enough to have camp quality , although casper van dien 's laughably stiff performance comes real close . 
the plot is scattered , thin and predictable ; the acting is monumentally bad ; and the style of film making resembles a home video . 
the story is stuffed with ridiculous , formulaic plotting that sheepishly overlooks the cool potential of a secret underground society flick . 
with no compelling antagonist for smith , there is no build - up towards the expected showdown , and when it does come , that showdown is over so quickly 
the jokes and puns are lame 
( although that is n't so hot either . ) this newest version is seriously lacking in any redeeming qualities . 
i even felt my iq dip below its usual low as toilet humor somehow worked its way into this so - called romantic - comedy - action movie ? ugh . 
the action scenes are just as bland , since they 're pretty much just rehashes of action elements that were n't particularly entertaining the first time around . and since the action scenes are everything to this movie , 
you feel like jumping through the screen and taking a sledgehammer to them , you will surely survive the rest . 
as i said , the fault is totally that of the script . when you consider their respective roles , will smith and kevil kline do as good as they could have possibly done . 
your adaptation of the basketball diaries is loud and one - dimensional , serving only as the vehicle for a performance by leonardo dicaprio that is better in pieces than it is as a whole . 
as i 've already said , this new version of the blob comes off more as cheap , badly acted , and badly written than campy . 
" that kind of stuff is excusable in popcorn movies , but not one like " double jeopardy " that tries to pass itself off as serious drama . 
only mildly bad , mystery , alaska probably deserves 2 stars . 
the movie is lacking and most unsatisfying . 
watching it now for a second time confirmed that it 's an overrated horror film that ultimately makes no sense whatsoever 
it 's a little moment in a big film with nothing to offer but 
this would be a great point to get up and go to the bathroom if necessary . 
you lose count how many times both those obnoxious , offensive words are used . 
the film still would 've been awful . 
this is a frantic movie - all sweaty close - ups , wide - angle lenses , dutch tilts and other - worldly lighting schemes . 
very disturbing 
as it is , it 's somewhat tolerable , but not very entertaining . 
i have never seen so little chemistry between two people in a movie . 
they also do n't have anything sly or satirical or witty to say either . 
the point is not that they ca n't act ( and , for the record , they really _ ca n't _ ) but that their individual personas , which works as a gimmick over the span of a four - minute music video , are too thin to survive outside of the truncated , video bite mtv world . 
the entire sequence is , then , clearly an exercise for character exposition , with attempts at humour terribly diminished by utter predictability . among the cast , coming off best is david arquette , the current master in the portrayal of meek , squirming , stammering fresh - faced characters - he would have been terrific as the lead for george huang 's swimming with sharks - who gets to apply his adeptness for timidity as terry . 
as campbell , wayans confines himself to bemoaning his new partner 's eccentric habits , but the chemistry between the two is minimal , and seagal 's wooden comebacks make for painful watching . 
she is quite resistible . 
but you 're hard pressed to hear or digest them amidst all the jumbled camera work . 
the siege " is constantly heavy - handed , not entertaining or insightful , and just goes to prove that not even the best actors can save a film that lacks a satisfactory screenplay . 
it was a cute moment , but all it really did was remind me just how funny the first film had been , and just how far that this series has fallen . too bad . 
this film 's narrative is little more than a jumbled , unfunny mess . 
so she calls sly , leaves messages with him , sends him e - mail , etc , about planting a bomb to kill roberts , which sly listens to obsessively , and while he works out naked . yea . 
mcdonald 's charisma is totally diminished here as he sleepwalks through another perfunctory bad guy role ( yes , pogue makes it a hat - trick ) . 
a stale pastry such as " idle hands " should be held from release for a few weeks or months to give us time to catch our collective breaths . 
it 's all downhill from there as spice world collapses into a series of misfired comedy sketches . 
so boring and anti - climactic ? 
lastly , poor lisa kudrow has been wasted once again in a big - screen venture , after her even more thin role in 1999 's " analyze this . 
it is a sad end to flanders ' career , getting caught up in a truly annoying over - use of mcdonald 's as a location , a plot device and , apparently , a major advertiser . 
instead of gaining knowledge about the skulls as an organization , we are thrust into a lame video surveillance conspiracy that has developed barnacles from excessive usage . 
the aforementioned cliches are brutally abundant . 
he 's walking wood in a forest of stiffs that includes henry rollins , ice - t , and dina meyer . 
badly written plot and badly written characters are sometimes worse than no plot and no characters at all . 
with a flashy , bad wardrobe and a gold cell phone , rick is an obnoxious cop who does n't know when to shut up . spouting cliched and ridiculous dialog 
the acting is lousy ; although , occasionally , the attempts at acting are so absurd that they garner a chuckle or two from the audience . 
the worst flaw of the film is this : it 's boring 
i do nt want to waste any more of my time writing or thinking about this movie than absolutely necessary . 
among the parties interviewed are the film 's producer james edmunds ( ryan o'neal ) and studio boss jerry glover ( richard jeni ) , who spend virtually the entire film narrating the story while painfully unfunny things go on around them . 
the whole conceit turns into a disaster 
we do n't even get to see what 's going on ; the screen becomes a mush because the cuts are so quick . 
the script by james frey and the director is filled with vapid actors who read meaningless lines 
generally , though , the actor does n't matter , and soldier , the latest from the beleaguered warner brothers , exemplifies this : the picture lacks pizazz . 
the other thing that works against this new blob is that special effects technology has improved dramatically since the original . 
alas , not nearly enough is built , for this moment comes to an abrupt end . 
as a bad movie , it is unintentionally funny enough to keep someone passingly interested in the film . 
there were just too many things in this movie that we 've all seen before ; from the inevitable " plot developments " of strangers unwittingly trapped together ; strangers turning against each other ; the evil manifesting itself ; the dead coming back for a last scare . 
the film tries to offer us a moody film noir , except with explosions , but comes up completely snake - eyes . 
it simply does n't work . 
so there is a hokey ending ! duh ! 
the offensive bits have little to do with jimmy 's rare handicap ( regardless of what the film 's protesters would have you believe ) , but instead center on 
how crap like this gets by the hollywood bigwigs . 
this movie was awful . simply awful . 
but the film ultimately fails , mostly at the hands of insane incoherence and overly - familiar action scenes . 
one , it suffers from mtv syndrome : a lot of quick shots and weird angles continuously jar the viewer 's senses while a near nonstop generic rock soundtrack blares incessantly in the background . 
let 's move on , forget about what we 've seen here , and get on with our lives . 
his lack of flaws is both boring , unrealistic and painful to watch . 
everything about possessed by the night is second rate , even the film credits . 
now , betrayal . 
the siege " is constantly heavy - handed , not entertaining or insightful , and just goes to prove that not even the best actors can save a film that lacks a satisfactory screenplay . 
after seeing its true colors , i came to the conclusion that the sixth sense is , despite what the many champions of the movie may say , void of any real power . 
without a character who changes in any appreciable way , the basketball diaries rapidly degenerates into a collection of crimes committed by jim and his strung - out cohorts , all choreographed to an oppressively loud soundtrack . 
jean reno succeeds at giving leon a haunted and desperate quality , but he never makes an emotional connection to matilda . 
these bright moments , however , appear long and far between , and the majority of the film deals with the budding relationship between nicky and gloria , which is both painfully predictable and by - the - numbers . 
so over - the - top that potentially fascinating villain turns into pathetic caricature of himself . 
it just feels icky and uncomfortable . 
the high production values keep it from being a total fiasco , but it 's still pretty boring . 
" as gloria , sharon stone has adopted an over - the - top brooklyn accent that honestly does n't sound realistic at all . 
unfortunately , my hopes were soon dashed . 
" tarzan and the lost city , " on the other hand , has absolutely nothing to offer but a bunch of recycled storylines and bad dialogue . 
the impact of the bullets cause him to make these wild contortions that force the wedding band to change music styles to keep up with him , from the samba to disco to the macarena . 
the unappealing way the film was directed , and the miscasting of leonardo dicaprio as rimbaud . 
basinger is absolutely vacant . 
chockfull of stupid characters delivering inane dialogue fitting snuggly into a preposterous plot . 
fails at both , miserably 
will this guy ever get a real role ? 
see it at your own risk . 
like i said , the gross meter tips the scales on this one . 
the more grandiose action sequences are utterly charmless , partially because we do n't care about these characters ( due to the script 's pathetic attempts at characterization and setup ) , and also because they , too , do n't make any sense 
but , all in all , blown away is a film that was justifiably shadowed by its more famous , yet hardly unforgettable competitor . 
it 's just another abysmal teen prototype that has the soundtrack , the stars . . . 
it 's downright depressing . 
the special effects in this movie are cheesy , like the original 's . 
the film has zero credibility , and all of the characters come off as cliched , cardboard cut - outs . 
this film is made without one iota of intelligence or insight into the generation that its tag line claims to be defining . 
( the crab bit , for example ) , and sometimes too corny 
but this sloppy enterprise surely wo n't win them any new fans , which is what the group sorely needs to bolster its rapidly waning girl power in the states . 
this is a movie that shoud be consigned to the trash bin of cinema . 
toward the bottom of the ' 80s action movie barrel lies action jackson , the only movie in hollywood history to show sharon stone and vanity topless within a span of ten minutes . 
i still know what you did last summer is a terrible film in many respects , but in the wake of the stupefyingly bad urban legend , it 's citizen hook . 
i 'd say skip it , but looking at the box office figures for this one , it seems as though most of america is following that advice anyway . 
gilliam commits the compound sin of over - directing his film while being uncertain of his purpose . 
how could a comedy - drama that has the star - power of meg ryan , lisa kudrow , and diane keaton be so very bad in so many different ways ? 
no plot to speak of , plenty of raunch , and horribly vogue images of matthew modine downing a bottle of jack daniels and a beer while wrapping himself in a see - through curtain in his hotel room by the sea , by the sea , by the beautiful sea . 
on top of being poorly developed , most of the characters were either seriously unlikable or patently stupid . 
badly edited into one - story about geronimo and story about his pursuers . 
he is basically there for the comic relief , and his character development is poor in all other areas . 
kristy swanson is given very little to do , and does very little with it . treat williams , looking like rhett butler but sounding like mickey mouse , is one of the worst villains i have ever seen in a movie . 
most of the so - called adventures are cheesy , predictable , and unexciting , with no pace , tension , or action to speak of . 
the big showdown at the end - that turns east new york into the sarajevo - like battle zone - is probably the worst part of the movie , because of the poor editing and the cheap sets and props that give away the low budget . 
at least that 's the way it looks when watching this turkey . 
of course , director louis morneau tries to liven things up with some intentional humor , but it is so conventional it does n't really go anywhere 
an hour of " angel " or " buffy " is scarier than this doozy 
but , at the end , spending hour and half in front of this disorganised mess of a movie is simply not worth the effort . 
the movie is insulting to horror film fans and teen - agers . 
owen wilson spends most of the film wandering the halls of the house , and the script does no justice to his wonderful comic ability . 
together , they save the day from evil . not one person in this movie gives a decent performance 
he substitutes silly slow - motion photography , self - consciously funky camera angles and choppy editing . on only one occasion , when a steady pan around a room where jim is trying to detox makes it appear that the walls are closing in , are any of the gimmicks effective . 
besson would have been better served spending more time trying to bring his characters to life , and less on feeble attempts at humor which are often embarrassing . 
well , let 's just say most will find it unappetizing 
there are story developments that are beyond ludicrous , and plot holes you could drive a winnebago through . 
a weak followup , both career and sequel wise , batman returns is sometimes dazzling , but to often dissapointing . 
i just remember that i did n't care . 
unlike the original , they do n't look campy , they just look cheap . 
the acting is lousy ; although , occasionally , the attempts at acting are so absurd that they garner a chuckle or two from the audience . 
i 'm ashamed to say this film was shot in my hometown of montreal , canada , but sadly enough for us all , it was . 
hollow man 's protagonists are the completely bland but beautiful scientist linda ( elizabeth shue , acting as if she were rebecca of sunnybrook farm ) and her lover , a hunk of beef scientist played by josh brolin who 's saddled with the film 's worst lines 
bye bye love is rarely funny , more often a weak and melodramatic retread of common tv - movie fare . 
talky , terribly - plotted thriller stars alec baldwin as dave robicheaux , an ex - new orleans cop who gets ensnared in a murder- mystery after a light - plane crashes into the bayou beside his fishing boat . 
scenes are n't connected through any reasonable means , so a lot of the time , stuff gets blown up , or people get killed , and i had no idea why . 
for roach to bring in myers for a few cheap laughs shows incredible contempt toward the rest of his cast , toward his audience , and indeed toward the film itself . 
( it 's a comedy ) , could bore the pants off an abyssinian for long , long stretches , and is so sloppily edited the principals refer to scenes we have n't even seen yet ( and probably never will except , perhaps , in the dvd edition ) . 
but not even their guilty pleasure appeal is n't enough to carry their big screen debut , a junky mess which would be more aptly named shite world than spice world . 
this is a charmless romantic comedy that bets everything it has on the appeal of its main character and comes up double - zero 
it 's utterly ridiculous . 
why did i give this turkey two stars and not one ? 
neither the script nor the actors make this test believable . 
both sets of caricatures are demeaning . 
critique : incoherent , boring , one - act drivel with no suspense , horribly unbelievable futuristic environment , bad dialogue , career - defining bad acting by keanu reeves and a hilarious ending . 
perry delivers not one humorous line the whole movie , and not surprisingly 
those questions , same as in the case of speed , could be forgotten while the action goes on , but the pauses between action scenes are filled with cliched and predictable situation that should provide some background to the characters . because of them , movie seems a little bit too long , and boring at times . the most annoying element of the film , however , is tommy lee jones in the role of mad bomber . 
he , especially , looked bad because david thewlis as paul verlaine looked so good despite the turgid dialogue that was thrust upon him and how thin a character he was forced to be 
this movie sucks the big one . 
some gags are just plain pointless , such as roger moore 's recurring role as the mysterious chief , who dispenses cryptic , metaphor - heavy advice to clifford . 
he has some fun fiddling with a southern accent . ) unfunny , overscored , and without a single shred of suspense , chain reaction is * the * summer movie to walk out on . if you make it to the end , a mess of cross - cutting involving another imminent explosion , you 'll hear somebody say " i guess it 's time to go . 
and yet , no matter how miserable this film may be , and no matter how poor the acting is all around , there was a ray of a hope for these many bad plots . 
all in all the plot seemed fragmented , unconnected . not romantic at all , and only funny in some places . 
and for action buffs , the action scenes are pretty lame , with some really unrealistic - looking special effects ( 
it 's a mystery how on earth this movie was ever made , and i 'm not just saying that because it 's so mediocre . how odd for disney to take a gamble on a film with an unknown director starring virtually unknown actors that does n't seem to appeal to any particular demographic and 
love basically comes off as a very confused movie , because it spends far too much of its time on the new relationships of its main characters instead of on the relationships between the fathers and their kids , making it just another " dating in the 90s " movie . 
the corruptor is a big silly mess of an action movie , complete with pointless plot turns and gratuitous violence . 
bye bye love is a genuine shame . 
the result is somewhat predictable . 
the characters are stupid and shallow , with not one registering as anything more . 
by contrast , harlin does n't have a clue when it comes to choreographing action , and consequently , die hard 2 never picks up steam . 
each was more predictable than the last . 
like the rest , this one is cold , heartless , and full of contempt for humanity , but in addition to all that it lacks any trace of wit , insight and makes no statement other than " audiences will pay for anything these days " . 
like most bad action movie sidekicks , he disappears after about an hour . 
blair witch 2 : book of shadows was a horrible movie . from the poorly - written characters to the implausible story to the plot inconsistencies to the gross - out shots , it was a bad effort through and through . 
despite its limited appeal , blade squad has a lot of kinks to work out if the movie is to become a tv series . 
" is mesmerizing in its awfulness , a poorly written , haphazardly edited , and totally unfunny 
what are they doing in this movie ? 
it stupefied me with the heights of its ineptitude and is completely idiotic on a fundamental and very rare level . 
as it stands , " end of days " is just a bad movie , and an awfully gloomy one at that . 
i applaud any attempt to bring something fresh and unique to movie houses , but sometimes even cleverness can reach overkill . 
catherine zeta - jones ( always nice to look at ) is given the woefully underwritten role of a bi - sexual insomniac that gets to run out of her bedroom perplexed every time some strange noise occurs . 
in the film , fichtner plays a blonde haired , meticulously dressed , overtly effeminate , dog - loving detective . as alex tardio , fichtner 's performance borders on caricature but goes beyond it . 
unfortunately , most of these jokes fall flat . 
anderson black is about as formulaic and generic as they come . comic books have better plots than this . 
every time chase and quaid were involved in a gag , it just made it more and more apparent that they should have stopped this series after the third film . 
but the context of recent events only heightens its shortcomings . 
this glib , pre - fab version of such a great story makes me all the more grateful for dreyer 's the passion of joan of arc ( 1928 ) , a film whose dialogue is drawn from the actual transcripts of joan 's trial , and which stands as one of the most harrowing experiences in all of cinema . 
the film takes itself all too seriously . 
when compared to , say , a movie studio film , blade squad has a lot in common with a term which shares its initials : bs . 
sure , utterly unpredictable is good , too , but that 's different from utterly nonsensical . 
it saddens me even more , then , to see that american treasure ripped off so blatantly by wannabe horror / schlock such as bats . 
every scene which has any potential for dramatic impact is effectively diffused by either a stupid joke ( in a scene where tension escalates between the two brothers , foolish blurts out towards his jewelry - sporting sibling " you lay one hand on me and this cemetary is going to be a gold rush " ) or something even more idiotic such as foolish smashing his own car ( to which i said , a bit too loudly for the occasion 
the directors overloaded the film with too many eccentrics , as the comedy seemed forced while the surreal look of the film added no dramatic intensity . 
it proves how painfully unfunny all those gags and slapstick would be in reality , and how important it is to actually have a story . 
matthew modine , is , quite simply , terrible . 
events are predictable from the time that the setups are made , and neither anderson nor scriptwriter david peoples attempts to show any creativeness here . 
wilder looks like he is recovering from a head injury for most of the movie , and korman looks embarrassed to be a part of the movie . 
when he starts talking about his vampiric bowel movements , or questions whether lili taylor has ever read naked lunch , there 's a much - needed dose of humor in an otherwise terminally unfunny affair . 
but the movie does n't serve neither as a serious thriller ( because of its stupidity ) nor as comic entertainment ( because of its serious tone ) . 
` the skulls ' is a feeble little circus of stupidity , so miscalculated that -- while it would serve as a clever pun -- a term like ? 
schwimmer , whose acting talent is playing characters devoid of personality , makes an unlikely lover . 
simply irresistible " is not hard to understand , light , funny in some places , and generally disappointing because it ca n't draw the line between romance and protracted sap , between humor and tired slapstick . 
those questions , same as in the case of speed , could be forgotten while the action goes on , but the pauses between action scenes are filled with cliched and predictable situation that should provide some background to the characters . because of them , movie seems a little bit too long , and boring at times . the most annoying element of the film , however , is tommy lee jones in the role of mad bomber . 
i can say with full confidence that blazing saddles has no redeeming qualities whatsoever . 
the action sequences are all recycled and the effects are everything but spectacular . 
bening 's character perhaps was the most difficult to watch , especially after seeing her come apart at the seams so effectively in american beauty . . . 
goodman , through a series of astoundingly implausible realizations , puts together the fact that shandling is a being from another world with a magic , vibrating penis . 
it 's sad to see such an amazing cast wasted so badly 
however , if they * had n't * given it away , the film would 've still been suprisingly devoid of suspense 
there is also an underdeveloped subplot about a band of incompetent underground veggie fanatics , called trogolodistes , who have been summoned to rescue the clown and steal some grain . 
mostly , they just draw attention to how hollow the story is . 
not only was it sloppy in telling its story and getting its facts straight , 
golly , will the hilarity just never end ? 
the more grandiose action sequences are utterly charmless , partially because we do n't care about these characters ( due to the script 's pathetic attempts at characterization and setup ) , and also because they , too , do n't make any sense 
you know a movie is n't that good when the highlight is a brawl between two women . 
unfortunately , the flubber , like all the special effects in this film , looks very fake and unconvincing . 
basically , what we have is a cliched cop - buddy movie , rife with all the clich ? s of that genre . 
the result is merely an academic exercise , leaving an emotional vacuum that it could n't build on to show them as the poets they were . on paper , this should n't have been so terrible -- it had a talented director in agnieszka holland ( " the secret garden " ) , a proven screenwriter in christopher hampton ( dangerous liaisons ) , and a capable cast . 
it becomes a laughing stock . 
unfortunately nobody gives us reason to care , not the writer , the director or the actors nearly all of whom seem to have wandered off the set of a noxious 90210 spin off . 
the movie is also lacking even a remote hint of reality . for instance , when tarzan - who was raised in the jungle - is bit by a cobra , he does n't even attempt to suck the venom out like any semi - experienced weekend backpacker would do . 
watching much of a life less ordinary is like being trapped in indie hipster hell , stockpiling quirks in the name of cool . 
my suggestion would be to hang up on it before the opening credits are over . saying it is a waste of time 
the plot is terrible . 
the most annoying plot facet is the reason that the whole of the movie comes to be : todd fails to show physical superiority against caine - in fact , not even todd and two of his companions can best the baddie - but near the end of the movie he shows remarkable prowess with automatic weaponry . 
the flashbacks become repetitious with the same scene shown again and again , sometimes from a different perspective and sometimes not . 
the ending is the funniest with some robot dolphin and a stupid ghost - lady 
the trouble is that these jokes are n't bold or funny enough to drive a movie that bumbles along without much sense of direction . 
as weak as the script is , i think there 's one insurmountable problem 
suddenly , i realized that since i had stood up from my theatre seat five minutes before , i had not thought once about the film i had just invested nearly two hours of my life in 
it 's bad enough that burn hollywood burn has -- literally -- not a single laugh for its entire , blissfully brief 84 minutes . 
stay as far away from freeway as you possibly can . 
the corruptor never manages to make any sense -- it just keeps spinning out of control 
so jay and silent bob are a long way from being a successful comic team . 
actually shows some quality behind the frequent humor . 
rachel portman 's masterful score is her best and most memorable since the cider house rules . 
will still have you laughing after you leave the theater . 
it is this sense of discovery , the anticipation of which and its accompanying exhilaration , that makes this adaptation of the carl sagan novel such magical , captivating entertainment . 
the events in the curve are very surprising , original , and fun . 
one of the better romantic comedies of 1999 . 
and last , the film creates a few dazzling and scary set - pieces that are some of the most memorable 
devon sawa , who previously starred in another horror flick , " idle hands , " gives a frantic and convincing lead performance . 
even with all its flaws , music of the heart is a beautiful film . 
there may be a lot of jokes that flop in this film , but there are far more that work , and i laughed so frequently that the failed jokes usually occurred as i was recovering from the previous bout of giddy madness . 
it is a terrific , suspenseful ending that i could never predict would happen . hands down to dan rosen who wrote this wild ride . 
keri russell also gives a great performance . 
the film is obviously quite star - studded . 
also , a subplot is briefly brought up between clayton and a waitress working at a bar ( effectively played by lolita davidovich ) , but abruptly dropped and never brought up again . 
some other directors ( like anaconda 's luis llosa ) should take a lesson from this guy - using ideas from epic motion pictures the right way . ideas from star wars and stargate were utilized for the improvement of this film . 
many are skeptical about sequels , saying that the sequel is never better or as good as the original , but austin powers : tswsm goes beyond the first film . 
" gods and monsters " is a heartfelt and intelligent motion picture , impressively directed by bill condon , who , i sense , relates to or fully understands the meaning behind the curious relationship between whale and boone . 
as dillon slips beautifully into the role of the guy who tries to worm his way into mary 's heart . 
although the basic story line has been done many , many times before , the film is still fun to watch . 
the thought - provoking , two - hour - plus contact is a much - welcome change of pace from summer no - brainers , but the fact that it is a smart film does not mean that it also is n't entertaining . 
both the script and kathy bates ' beautifully masterful performance 
no movie can live in ambiguity forever , but anderson seems terminally unable to provide satisfactory conclusions to his otherwise well structured recent narratives . 
the best film i have seen in 1996 . 
i did really like all of the actors in the film , especially ben stiller , who appears to be solidifying his mark as a great comical actor with this picture and one of my favourites from 1996 , flirting with disaster ( 8/10 ) . 
bill condon 's " gods and monsters " is a fascinating look into the last days in the life of gay director james whale ( ian mckellan ) , who made the horror classics " frankenstein " and " bride of frankenstein . 
as played brilliantly by ian mckellen , james whale comes off as a sad , but dignified man , and a person who was not afraid to stand out from others , just as long as he knew he was being true to himself . 
special mention should be made of vin diesel , who intriguingly conveys feral menace combined with a truly mesmerizing presence . 
the special - effects are first - rate , thanks to industrial light and magic , and the ensemble cast works well together 
even ben affleck , leading the troupe of actors , manages to make a favorable impression ; and judi dench lends some brief moments of screen time as queen elizabeth i . 
his rise out of the water , with the smoke coming off of his slicked head , is a brilliant 30 seconds of film . 
the performers are mostly delightful 
the ending in particular is completely unpredictable and satisfying . 
it is a terrific , suspenseful ending that i could never predict would happen . hands down to dan rosen who wrote this wild ride . 
stephen king , whose film and tv adaptations tend to vary in quality , strikes gold with this simple yet strikingly compelling tale . 
hadden , the wealthy eccentric who provides ellie with her research funding . angela bassett continues to impress in her bit role as white house aide rachel constantine . 
some very strong supporting performances came from smaller roles , such as bo dietl and anthony griffith who play two detectives investigating the case . 
that problem has been rectified in the sequel by making the plot more accessible ( courtesy of one of the writers of the previous entry , robert towne ) and by turning the film into one gigantic action set piece under the steady hand of action film guru john woo . 
the standout of the lot , creating a large percentage of the forementioned vibrance . 
dennis franz , however , steals all of his scenes as the energetic former - angel . 
an excellent portrayal of a comedic villain ( who reminded me a lot of jack nicholson 's the joker in batman ) by one of the masters of villainy , oldman , and a heartfelt offering by relative newcomer jovovich . 
diversity of relationships helped me and my gang of friends enjoy this film on many levels . 
" gods and monsters " is a heartfelt and intelligent motion picture , impressively directed by bill condon , who , i sense , relates to or fully understands the meaning behind the curious relationship between whale and boone . 
this movie has an amazing finale . 
simon is more of a catalyst , allowing his co - stars to shape the story , and the actors who fill those roles to turn in outstanding supporting performances , saving the film from an obsequious , manipulative destiny . 
ridley scott , using outstanding special effects , has brilliantly 
geoffrey rush gives a one in a million performance as the rich steven price , and does a great job doing a vincent price role . 
perhaps the greatest element to the film is its constant surprises and unpredictability , and not due to plot twists or a confusing screenplay , just through great filmmaking . 
chocolat , adapted by robert nelson jacobs from the joanne harris novel , is a wonderful little treat of a film , one that will most likely win over the hearts of audiences and the votes of academy members this winter , and the aggressive backing of miramax films assures the latter . 
they look funny , they move funny , and their " language " is hilarious . 
les miserables is , as i 've said , a solid , intelligent motion picture . 
there are , as always , amusing exchanges between characters . 
truly something worth celebrating . 
this sounds like the formula for mildly charming fluff , but " good will hunting " rises above its fairly mundane premise to deliver a poignant and clever drama . 
is really a top - notch spoof that will likely forever be known as a spoof classic . 
i laughed so hard that it shut off my brain 
susan granger 's review of " bread and tulips " ( first look pictures ) in this delightfully frothy italian romantic comedy , after accidentally being left behind by a tour bus while on a family vacation with her cranky husband and two cynical teenagers , rosalba ( licia maglietta ) , an unhappy housewife from pescara , finds herself - and love - in venice . 
wang 's direction is exquisite , especially during the tense finale in which the director frantically cross - cuts between the various subplots , perhaps in homage to 
the screenplay provides good characterization and actually deals with most of the problems head - on in realistic manners . 
brilliant performance of robert de niro in role of a lifetime can give arguments for both sides . 
however , in a film this exciting and well - produced , a few minor flaws are easily overlooked . 
but one of my favorite genres has always been the crime movies , and this one is a decent addition to the lot . 
her voice , smile , and personality are more than perfect for romantic comedies- stay with this genre , neve . 
david mamet 's script is so interesting because we know people do n't actually talk like the characters in the film , yet we feel so connected to some of them . 
the final half hour is an all out assault of action ( a good deal of which is ruined by the trailer , unfortunately ) . as far as summer entertainment goes , mission : impossible ii is serviceable fare . 
but there 's an ever better scene 
does it in a hilarious manner . 
for those who associate italian cinema with fellini and " high art , " the son 's room is an inventive , subtle alternative . 
( gee , i wonder ) of course the main draw here is the non - stop " whiz - bang " comedy , with a hefty dose of both visual and spoken gags . 
as a social satire and comedy of manners , princess caraboo is a winner . 
i must also say that i loved the ending . 
although it is original and mesmerizing , it does fall prey to a few of the cliches of the genre . 
three to tango is lucky that the script is so edgy and that perry and campbell are wonderful in comedy , or else the film would have been a disaster , as it is just plain boring to look at . 
what makes " good will hunting " work so well , aside from the strong performances ( especially from damon and williams ) , is the depth of characterization and the representation of the conflicts in will 's life . 
it is one hell of a movie . 
, it 's a remarkable piece of cinema . 
it was just plain hilarious . 
there 's something for everyone in this romantic comedy , making it prime date flick material . 
yet , you must realize that the story is timeless , and a few hundred years later it is equally as witty and comical 
three to tango is a gem . 
the bottom line- a groovy sequel that mike myers put all of his mojo into writing . 
the fifth element features good performances by willis and holm , 
three to tango 's script , written by rodney patrick vaccaro and aline brosh mckenna is fun , fast , and funny , delivering not only original , hilarious gay jokes ( not your run of the mill material ) , but a certain snappiness in the dialogue between characters that always keeps you smiling . 
editing is superb , events happen at quick pace , with the exception of middle , when boring moralistic exchanges between swann and his would - be - girlfriend mercy ( deborah van valkenburgh ) drag the plot from straight action to social drama territory . 
even when their actions are surprising , it never seems very out of synch . ? 
several close - ups of garofalo 's winning smile . 
mazzello turns in a wonderfully layered performance for a 14 year old , ripe with laughter , pain , and tears ; he is certainly an emerging talent . 
the beauty of marrakech is matched by the terrific performance of kate winslet , as the film accurately encapsulates the timeless city and its bustling street scenes , expansive views , illustrious mosques , and grand sunsets . 
in fact , i 'd go so far as to say that " fallen angels " is more challenging visually than any mainstream hollywood film i 've ever seen . 
it 's damn good . adapted from a best - selling john berendt novel based on true events , this movie is set in the bizarre georgia town of savannah , where people walk invisible dogs and attach horseflies to their head . 
all in all , this movie is perhaps dated , yet in its hour and half can give a lot more entertainment 
brilliant move by brooks . 
these three performers were outstanding , each understanding what their role called for , each coming through with a marvelous performance . 
phoenix plays his character brilliantly . 
this is most likely due to anthony hopkins , who once again displays his superb acting skills . 
schroeder directs on many different levels , with multiple plot lines which blend in wonderfully in the mind of alan dershowitz . 
played by steve martin , rebecca pidgeon , and ben gazarra respectively , the supporting cast is very solid especially martin , who deserved an oscar nomination for his commanding and manipulative role . 
it is still thrilling in its own way . 
it 's wonderful 
the best performance comes unsurprisingly from al pacino , who should have got a nomination for best actor at the oscars . 
ali carter and taye diggs sort of become the main characters and ali carter who debuted in varsity blues gives a fantastic performance here as does taye diggs . 
the bottom line : chocolat is pure pleasure . 
the costuming is also wonderful from the detailed shields and armor to the exquisite dress of the upper - class politicians . 
the characters ' dialogue is witty and funny , although some of the actual jokes and gags seem rather sitcom - esque . 
this is a must see , for those interested in solving a complex puzzle of a movie . 
in addition to looking fantastic , pam grier is also quite good , although hers is not an oscar- caliber performance ( although she might get a nomination ) . 
in the main roles , hewitt and gellar are highly talented , and hewitt , especially , is one of the best screamers i 've ever heard . 
- all the right emotions are engaged . 
particularly impressive is bridget fonda as beth who end up in bed with sid when her fiance nick leaves her . not an actress that i have found interesting earlier or seen many pictures with , but i 'll keep an eye on her in the future . 
it is absolutely breathtaking . using stunning cinematography , costuming , and direction , shot in the most uninhabitable location on the face of the earth , i can only imagine what it must have been like to sit in a theater in 1962 and watch this story unfold before my eyes . 
special mention should be made of vin diesel , who intriguingly conveys feral menace combined with a truly mesmerizing presence . 
this one is also quite funny , but it did n't really blow me away like the others . 
it combines the dread of blair , a creepy closed - in feel thanks to cinematographer fred murphy and great performances by the whole cast , specifically bacon , to give the fall its first genuine scary film . 
but fortunately , beresford never forgets he 's shooting a movie , and accordingly , he offers plenty of striking cinematic touches , such as gorgeous shots of flowers , trees , and tomatoes . 
this is director tim burton 's finest film to date . 
but like everything else , tarantino takes this age - old genre and twists it to his own ends to produce over - the - top entertainment . 
that 's not to say the men do n't do their share , though : alfred molina makes for a sly and utterly repugnant antagonist , hugh o'conor adds quite a bit of comic relief as the priest who seems to not even know why he is who he is , and johnny depp gives a strong performance as the pirate roux , who enters the film late in the game and sparks the romantic interest of vianne . 
the beauty of marrakech is matched by the terrific performance of kate winslet , as the film accurately encapsulates the timeless city and its bustling street scenes , expansive views , illustrious mosques , and grand sunsets . 
he does the job well and has some good lines of dialogue . 
from my second viewing however , i noticed that mamet 's script was actually a masterpiece . 
bates relishes her demanding role , and her performance is nothing short of a masterpiece . 
he manages to develop the main characters and most of the subplots adequately . 
but there are also many , many delights for adults , including my favorite scene in which matilda uses her powers to frighten miss trunchbull by having chalk write on a chalkboard by itself while matilda 's classmates recite in sing - song fashion ; there is also a deadpan cameo by paul reubens as an fbi agent staking out matilda 's father . 
carrie ann - moss , in what is likely to be her first largely noticed ( and acclaimed ) role since the matrix , shows a more solid side of her acting skills not previously seen , crafting a character that the viewer both sympathizes with and despises simultaneously . 
sean penn , elias koteas , and nick nolte give the best performances . 
all of these questions were running through my mind while watching this slick suspense film . 
it 's the best kind of children 's entertainment : elegant , fantastical , and courageously 
it is a terrific , suspenseful ending that i could never predict would happen . hands down to dan rosen who wrote this wild ride . 
perhaps one of the most appealing feature of this film is the pool of talented actors such as tom hanks ( gump himself ) , kevin bacon ( footloose , tremors , a few good men etc . ) , gary sinise ( forrest gump ) , bill paxton ( aliens , true lies , boxing helena ) and ed harris ( the abyss , just cause ) . . 
the action is pretty intense 
it is absolutely breathtaking . using stunning cinematography , costuming , and direction , shot in the most uninhabitable location on the face of the earth , i can only imagine what it must have been like to sit in a theater in 1962 and watch this story unfold before my eyes . 
even if you were n't a fan of the first film , this entry deserves some checking out . 
mazzello turns in a wonderfully layered performance for a 14 year old , ripe with laughter , pain , and tears ; he is certainly an emerging talent . 
their dialogue is acerbic , witty , and analytical . 
like mickey rourke and eric roberts ( both of whom are currently doing time in direct to video purgatory ) williams is a talented leading man who did n't make it to where he should have . 
forget the lame title and malcolm mcdowell 's narration of the obvious plot points , and concentrate on the film 's stronger attributes such as its style , the exquisite atmosphere of the time period , its original look at the gangster dynamic within the same group , its memorable sequences and the solid performances from its two main leads , bettany and thewlis . 
the acting is superb from everyone involved . 
from my first viewing , i noticed that david mamet 's film was intense and clever at times but boring and cliched at other times especially at the beginning . 
very entertaining and action - packed 
first class . 
cinematographer ernest dickerson , who has worked on all of spike lee 's films , gives the laserman a distinctive , artistic look . 
i 'd imagine the concept to the film started out as the creators ' testing themselves to see if they could actually pull it off and the outcome is a terrific achievement in filmmaking and the craft of fiction in general . 
at the same time , tandy and freeman provide more than a few moments of truly poignant drama . 
it is quite eerie and it really adds to the feel of the film . 
critique : charmingly effective romantic drama , this film offers insight into various types of relationships , presents us with interesting characters and excellent performances from the cast , and scratches beneath the surface of love and its many complex subtleties . 
with all the implausibilities of this film , and with the mediocre second half , kiss the girls somehow manages to thoroughly entertain 
still , it can not be denied that anne meredith 's screenplay contains a wallop of emotional power . 
but the insightful dialogue and refreshing dramatics , give it an intelligent selling point and make it a good product to see . 
the background music from groups like america and jefferson airplane , provided further nostalgia for this easy to look at and easy to grasp film . 
once the adjustment is made , however , there are great rewards . 
the film begins on the perfect high note , with a mockery of the opening of casino . 
anderson leaves scully far behind with her wonderful portrayal of a damaged woman trying to re - ignite her love life , opposite a surprisingly admirable performance 
is well worth considering . a fine film that 's for everybody except action fans . 
intelligently uses this tool to separate the family . 
rohmer 's imperfect but assured 
and while this uproariously funny , gross - out summer movie is basically an exercise in bad taste , it also demonstrates a surprising sweetness in the end . 
grease is a fun movie , an entertaining fantasy of the ' 50s , embodying all the cliches of that era . 
very well 
overall , however , the laserman is a charmingly eclectic concoction . 
you 'll laugh even harder at the hideously contrived situations ( to distract two female guards , lilith tosses a cellular phone towards them and dials the number ) . 
on a brighter note , andie macdowell was also charming as brook 's wife . 
i remained completely and utterly involved . 
there is a hilarious moment when matilda 's television - addicted father snatches away the book she is reading ( in a wicked joke , he thinks _ 
here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix . 
there is something psychologically stimulating in a well - crafted serial killer movie , and kiss the girls is certainly well made . 
in one of the film 's best sequences , princess caraboo is the guest of honor at a party hosted by the prince regent ( a wonderfully foppish turn by comic john sessions ) , and the lords and ladies end up following her around in a thoroughly silly native dance . 
writer / director bille august 's film version is a straightforward , beautifully told film . 
it 's always fascinating to see what they do and how they do it . 
apollo 13 is simply one of the most dramatic film 
the movie has a sort of swashbuckling quality to it 
there is even a sweet but significant irony in the film 's unspoken take on race relations , something an american audience at least would do well to observe . 
likewise , no one from this movie will be getting any oscar nominations , but the performances are all great . 
the outstanding cast tries to figure out in their own way what they are doing and why . 
it is immensely entertaining fluff and excellent counterprogramming to all the sober oscar contenders being released this holiday season . 
it 's an entertaining diversion , but not a masterpiece , and certainly not an oscar contender . 
tell a story very well . 
now , korben , leeloo , and cornelius must journey to a foreign planet to board a cruise ship ( special effects were spectacular here ) to find the remaining four elements . 
the small - scale film , in limited release , " waking ned devine " is a pleasant excursion to a time and place which allows the audience to absorb the full texture of a small town . filled with breathtaking scenery , ' characters ' , and delightful music , the movie would be interesting even without a plot . 
still , even with the film 's length , it was a pleasant time at the movies , something you would n't necessarily expect from a film about death . . . 
" talking about love is like dancing about architecture " ) , but changed because it sounded too much like the recent box - office dud dancing at lughnasa , this film slaps together a stunning cast of hollywood names , playing interesting and well - written characters , within a vignettes - styled plot arrangement a la robert altman . 
her character is more original than freeman 's , and she handles it wonderfully . 
the from dusk till dawn dialogue is 100 % tarantino , hovering between absurd and disgusting ( as when they 're entering the nightclub and cheech marin announces the main attractions of the titty twister ) , but always entertaining , and is a huge reason the movie is so much fun to watch instead of being one more second - rate gorefest . 
the truman show , directed by peter weir and written by andrew niccol , is a remarkably well - constructed film , paced perfectly with every scene fluidly leading into the next . 
in addition to the fine performances by the bulk of the cast -- mr . 
the scenes are bold , inventive , and powerful , and the acting is stunning , especially be sheen , duvall , and fishburne . 
what 's more , it 's surprisingly insightful and provides a sharp - witted lesson in english social history . 
gallo gives a performance that makes you believe what the character is going through . 
but as i mentioned before , there is a thin line between satire and controversy - and for the most part , primary colors delivers an entertaining indulgence of political matters combined with a far - from - overpowering look at winning the public 's opinion . 
ok , so it 's not really all that new a story , but the way sommers tells it is entertaining enough . 
meg ryan is a powerful , enticing , and appealingly - chirpy actress , and her work here is some of her best . 
set in a small ( fictional ? ) town in arizona was a good move , since this makes the film focus on the four characters and not on their surroundings . 
yet somehow , it is strangely enjoyable . 
the visual presentation of city of angels is easily the best of 1998 so far . 
the movie is visually breathtaking . the battle scenes are exquisitely done , and the score is brilliant , setting a murky mood of darkness that is first - rate . 
also like the aforementioned films , it rewards its viewer for paying attention by delivering 
mason daring 's score , which includes a send - up of bach , is right on target . 
but that 's a good sign : mafia ! 
rush is absolutely incredible as javert ; i do n't remember ever feeling so strongly about a villain as i do here ; he adds depth and complexity with subtle glances and nuances , and effortlessly makes each of his scenes intense . 
the real star of this domestic drama is not top - billed jennifer jason leigh , but child actress jena malone , who plays bone in a wrenching and wholly impressive debut performance . 
the novice detective 's various misfortunes , including him saying goodbye to his weepy mother , are very funny . 
an affectionate , riotously funny parody that freely takes jabs at various elements of its subject but never seems mean - spirited or malintentioned . 
hogan 's use of abba tunes ( which virtually comprises the entire soundtrack ) is interestingly appropriate , although its repetitiveness tires after awhile . hogan 's script is right on the mark in terms of proportionately mixing comedy with muriel 's earnest quest for acceptance , and the gorgeous scene with muriel window - shopping beautifully illustrates the wonder that marriage has for her . 
the casting can not be criticized , for the typically stoic reeves is n't required to say much and laurence fishburne gets plenty of time to be so damn cool . 
" stylishly filmed and tautly directed by " x - files " alum james wong , the film deals with several fairly heavy topics that are discussed truthfully by teenage characters ( in accurately written " teen - speak , " rather than overwrought , highly intellectualized dialogue that even harvard scholars would n't use ) , all the while developing into a darkly foreboding , severely eerie thriller that successfully leaves you uneasy from the horrifyingly real opening twenty minutes to the less - successful , but still suspenseful epilogue . 
most come courtesy of helen mirren , who shines as the world - class gardener who works with the inmates but fears for her daughter primrose ( natasha little ) when she starts dating briggs . 
the scene in which she finds out is exceptionally well - done ) ; after much deliberation , she tells him that she could only be with a man who can feel . 
it seems that sean penn has talents both as a writer and a director , if this film is any indication . 
she does a good job with . 
sean connery is solid as the older man with some issues to resolve , as is gena rowlands , as the aging wife with trepidations . 
let grease be the word that sparks this revival . 
in fact , much of notting hill 's strength lies in the great dialog written for this character by richard curtis . 
it is sick , perverse , and ultimately disgusting - not to mention extremely funny . 
grease is a fun and entertaining movie , even though it stretches credulity to see such performers as travolta , olivia newton - john , taxi 's jeff conaway and the multi - talented stockard channing try to act like high schoolers . 
it runs 135 minutes in length and employs a countless number of computerized tricks which range from gimmick to grandiose , and the quality of the effects remains constant throughout the film 's length . 
the characters , particularly julie and helen , are realistically written , and the film amazingly deals with their broken relationship in a few scenes , which is largely uncharacteristic in films of this sort . 
stylistically , it stands apart from other war dramas . 
the camera work is terrific , but the editing makes this scene work so well . 
the only other significant characters in the film are daisy 's housekeeper , idella , marvelously played by esther rolle ( " good times " ) , and boolie 's pretentious wife , played by patti lupone . 
what makes this movie a wonderful experience is not the fact it stars hugh , but because it stars julia and carries with it a brilliantly written script . 
for all the failed dramatic theatrics , this is one that works beautifully . 
, " bulworth " hits all its targets with wry , hilarious accuracy . 
it 's a nicely crafted psychological horror , which effortlessly succeeds in drawing you into the plight of writer phil sheldon ( james caan ) . 
gallo 's character is developed very well . 
another good piece of casting , 
in conclusion , the movie was well made 
in the main roles , hewitt and gellar are highly talented , and hewitt , especially , is one of the best screamers i 've ever heard . 
fortunately , filled with sight gags , humorous lines , and solid comedic acting , there 's something about mary 
truly great satire manages to create for an entertaining story that makes you laugh at the time , but think about afterwards and " wag the dog " at least succeeds in this respect . 
this can easily stand as a model for chocolat as a whole : on the surface , it appears to be a light , fluffy fable with no depth or true worth , but when one takes a second , deeper look , chocolat 's true colors begin to shine through . making a bold statement about organized religion and those who practice it , lasse hallstrom 's chocolat is flawlessly acted and meticulously crafted - not to mention one of the best films of the year . 
push toward the future remains staunch and notable for casting a cautious eye upon the past while taking bold steps forward into an uncertain future . 
clooney , keitel and especially tarantino are so over - the - top with their delivery that the dialogue is that much more hilarious , ensuring not one second of from dusk till dawn is taken the least bit seriously . 
city of angels is the kind of love story that i enjoy the most : thought - provoking , moving , and completely unsentimental . 
perhaps some sequences of the film may be unpleasant , but as a whole bastard out of carolina adds up to a powerful viewer experience worth seeing . 
genuinely capturing her character 's determination to turn the narrow - minded townspeople into more happy , independent human beings , but most of chocolat 's success is unquestionably a result of the remarkable performances of the supporting actresses . 
all of whom gave good performances in their respective roles . 
hogan 's use of abba tunes ( which virtually comprises the entire soundtrack ) is interestingly appropriate , although its repetitiveness tires after awhile . hogan 's script is right on the mark in terms of proportionately mixing comedy with muriel 's earnest quest for acceptance , and the gorgeous scene with muriel window - shopping beautifully illustrates the wonder that marriage has for her . 
for all its moral ambiguities prince of the city is a back to the basics cop \ courtroom drama that leaves out all the crap and really thrills . 
first and foremost is joseph mazzello ( " jurassic park " ) , who is nothing less than remarkable as simon 's best friend , joe . 
social commentary aside , princess caraboo is simply an eminently enjoyable entertainment . 
the movie is fun and romantic , with beautiful scenery and characters whose lives we 'd like to live if we had the nerve . . . 
there is too much good material in here not to be called a masterpiece , but it could have been so much more rewarding . 
all involved do credible work in their respective roles , most especially mr . duncan , who turns in an impressive , fully realized characterization . 
penn lets the story unfold at a pace dictated by the lives of the characters , without unnecessary rush or flash . 
the romantic angle works well , though , surprisingly , the interactions between joe black and william parrish are more interesting than those with his daughter . 
chris kattan gives us great comic relief and the movie contains a lot of comical lines . 
unlike bowfinger , this is not a mean spirited film that 's desperate for jokes , it 's rather a witty and humorous look at hollywood . 
the film progressed wonderfully before ending suddenly , without any intelligent conclusion . 
it is with hesitance that i call " apocalypse now " a masterpiece . 
the voice work in the film , by muppet regulars and irregulars , is tone - perfect . 
leigh 's performance in bastard out of carolina is fine , although she 's not really given much to do , and ron eldard work is very solid , skillfully manouvering his character 's moods in and out of explosive rage . 
peter ghallager and brigette wilson were great as well and gave commanding performances as potential victims . 
scenes in which the familiar father - son conversations are brought to interesting new levels are the funniest moments to be found in american pie . 
his total lack of understanding of what is happening to him is believable , as are the reactions from his wife 
brown director john madden gives us a story of the bard himself in the wonderfully vibrant shakespeare in love . 
owen 's bedside scenes with kelly , who lends the film a human touch , are a marvel to behold , emotionally gripping without being sappy . 
screenplay : besides being chiseled with detail and creative in general 
unlike many sci - fi movies which promote themselves as effects - heavy blockbusters but fail to deliver on that promise , the matrix is a carefully constructed special effects event . 
this film feels solid and whole , and each scene has a certain amount of importance and vigor that keeps the audience interested . 
the thought - provoking , two - hour - plus contact is a much - welcome change of pace from summer no - brainers , but the fact that it is a smart film does not mean that it also is n't entertaining . 
wong kar - wei has proven himself , through very few films , that 's 
what makes kiss the girls so good is the acting and the technical and visual impressiveness . 
what makes this movie a wonderful experience is not the fact it stars hugh , but because it stars julia and carries with it a brilliantly written script . 
carrey who rules the show here 
perhaps the greatest element to the film is its constant surprises and unpredictability , and not due to plot twists or a confusing screenplay , just through great filmmaking . 
this can easily stand as a model for chocolat as a whole : on the surface , it appears to be a light , fluffy fable with no depth or true worth , but when one takes a second , deeper look , chocolat 's true colors begin to shine through . making a bold statement about organized religion and those who practice it , lasse hallstrom 's chocolat is flawlessly acted and meticulously crafted - not to mention one of the best films of the year . 
this new film has been underrated for no reason . 
the alex proyas film was far more dark and introspective , requiring a bit of thought before themes became clear ; here , the wachowski brothers have managed to construct a thrill - ride motion picture with little abandon and much noise . 
but if you 're patient with it , the movie offers innumerable rewards , such as a pair of self - assured performances by morgan freeman and jessica tandy . 
one of those rare films that both entertains and instigates thought simultaneously . 
and the fighting scenes were all excellent . 
you 've got to commend the acting . 
she is always a nice addition as a supporting actress , because she has that charisma 
another important element of the atmosphere is score of great bernard herrman , whose efficient use of jazz elements gives some melancholy that softens the brutality of motion picture . 
however , despite being one of the best movies of that year , and being directed by talented action director walter hill at the peak of his career , the movie failed to leave as strong impression to the future generations as some other cinematic achievements of that same year . 
director ( and former actor ) ron howard ( splash , backdraft , far & away ) , most noted for his dramatic film making , displays again his brilliance in creating drama and suspense in apollo 13 . being the second largest box office hit in the us this summer ( with more than us$150 million in the states alone ) , this film is his most successful effort yet . 
with a very poor summer for movies , brooks is just what audiences were looking for to cheer them up , and does so in a positive way . 
while this may not necessarily be the film you 'd want to be seen watching by yourself , it makes for a fun time at the movies . 
the power that he has in forcing the viewer to determine who the good guys and bad guys are once the film is over , without giving a right answer , is unique and ingenious . 
the way the movie is filmed is also great . 
even better are the role reversals that take place within the household . 
yet , for all these flaws , the film is deeply engrossing because of irons . 
instead , he gets distracting self - consciousness . aside from that , malick 's direction is stunning . 
the film stars treat williams , who gives the kind of performance that should have skyrocketed his career up to the level that brad pitt currently resides at . 
i liked this movie . 
it takes them dead - on . 
her character is very well drawn and performed 
towards the end , it runs a bit out of steam , but that 's okay because for most of the 90 minutes we 've been interested in the goings on . 
the bottom line : three to tango is a light , sharp , snappy romantic comedy with a superb ending , and great stars . 
nevertheless , tandy manages to put enough of a personal stamp on the familiar character to make it her own . freeman , as hoke , on the other hand , gives the more distinctive of the two performances . 
i thought the structure was clean and not oversimplified , though there are a few free - form sections which also work very well . 
liam neeson is terrific in the main role ; neeson is the kind of actor who does solemn desperation extremely well , and valjean is certainly a man who clearly fits that adjective . 
the special effects by digital domain are up to standard and the music suits the suspense and drama 
( the link is that denver died in a plane crash , and the song includes a line about fire in the sky . ) the performances are stronger than those usually elicited by teen horror . 
the supporting cast , which includes brion james ( tango & cash ) , tim " tiny " lester ( no holds barred ) , luke perry ( buffy the vampire slayer ) , and chris tucker ( friday ) , added a comedic effect to the film . 
sick , slick fun . 
devito made black humor a key element in throw momma from the train and the war of the roses , and he contributes some memorable images . 
the actors are all energetic , which helps a lot with the tone of the film . 
huston 's talent with camera positioning is wonderful , from a visually striking shot done through a fan , to an extended sequence in the front seat of an automobile . 
the film refuses to take itself seriously , which is a good thing , as by the time lilith zips up her skin - tight body suit and then unzips it just to show the right amount of cleavage , you 've most likely forgotten the main point of the story . 
all in all , this movie offers many interesting characters , talking and living genuine and engaging love lives , wonderful performances by its solid cast , too sweet of an ending , but an enjoyable and rewatchable movie nonetheless . 
therefore , " gone with the wind " deserves accolades for its ability to tell the epic story it does , in such a crafted , intricate , and entertaining manner . it 's a crowning achievement , not only in filmmaking , but for storytelling itself . 
and while this uproariously funny , gross - out summer movie is basically an exercise in bad taste , it also demonstrates a surprising sweetness in the end . 
having said that , the scenes that did tear through the audience , and yours truly , were extremely hilarious , and went on for several minutes after the punchline . 
hogan 's use of abba tunes ( which virtually comprises the entire soundtrack ) is interestingly appropriate , although its repetitiveness tires after awhile . hogan 's script is right on the mark in terms of proportionately mixing comedy with muriel 's earnest quest for acceptance , and the gorgeous scene with muriel window - shopping beautifully illustrates the wonder that marriage has for her . 
this film is just basically a light comedy that is great to see if you are in the right mood that does n't contain much violence or any nudity that is definitely worth full ticket price . 
if he set out to make something socially / culturally / politically / globally significant , he succeeded . with flair . 
the from dusk till dawn dialogue is 100 % tarantino , hovering between absurd and disgusting ( as when they 're entering the nightclub and cheech marin announces the main attractions of the titty twister ) , but always entertaining , and is a huge reason the movie is so much fun to watch instead of being one more second - rate gorefest . 
i liked these scenes best , because the political became personal . 
" it 's a hoot , but it does n't stop there : 
does really interesting things with the camera , but he does n't allow the pyrotechnics to completely take over , as was the case with last years dismal " knock off " ( which contained a shot of a foot entering a shoe . ugh . ) 
" gods and monsters " is an intimate and seemingly respectful portrait of a director who was forced to become somewhat of an outcast , due to his sexual preference , and never got the recognition he would have liked , since he longed to be referred to as a " motion picture director , " rather than a " horror director . 
gently explores the blossoming of this bored , middle - aged , middle - class woman with warmth and affection , savoring special moments such as when rosalba starts playing the accordion again and abandons her maroon stretch pants , silver jacket and orange sneakers for a simple , new red - and - white dress with platform - soled espadrilles . 
they seemed very mediocre , but they worked out just fine 
director gary fleder does a good job of controlling his actors , but the second half of the film loses believability , especially during the revelation of the killer . 
still , it is considered to be one of the finest british vampire film . 
the technical aspects of chocolat are strong across the board 
all of the technical aspects , as well as the acting and directing aspects are very well done . 
but in a teen - dominated movie , the best performance comes from comedian eugene levy ( of television 's sctv ) , who is unexpectedly brilliant as jim 's uneasy father . 
it 's a good movie , and tells its story well , but august tends to hand - feed us themes and scenes that would have worked better 
gordon willis ' rich cinematography , carmine copolla 's beautiful composition and alex tavoularis ' wonderful art direction could not be better . 
son - in - law is a great romantic comedy that should please the viewers , especially fans of the wiez . 
watch out for the launching sequence , it is simply one of the most breathtaking scenes of the film . 
despite the multitude of pertinent issues being broached by the film , it remains foremost a finely - crafted piece of entertainment , constantly light and accessible . 
always seems intelligent . 
finally , matilda has that quality i find rarest and most treasured in family entertainment : it is family entertainment in the truest sense of the word . 
the colorful supporting cast is rampant with homerian characters to meet and get to know along the way of the boys ' odyssey . 
the most fun character by far is the doctor , played by leslie nielsen . 
the music is lively and the dance numbers , choreographed by patricia birch , are energetic and high - spirited 
he is great , and knows how to entertain the audience . 
therefore , " gone with the wind " deserves accolades for its ability to tell the epic story it does , in such a crafted , intricate , and entertaining manner . it 's a crowning achievement , not only in filmmaking , but for storytelling itself . 
muriel 's wedding features a fine performance by toni collette and a charming , if a bit too straightforward and conventional story by p . 
is well worth considering . a fine film that 's for everybody except action fans . 
all in all , this movie offers many interesting characters , talking and living genuine and engaging love lives , wonderful performances by its solid cast , too sweet of an ending , but an enjoyable and rewatchable movie nonetheless . 
ironically , by its very nature , the laserman is a triumph of technology -- the technology of filmmaking . 
his direction is steady , and he shows this in just about every scene : near the beginning , maggie has to tell a mother and her two children that their father is dead . 
the performances in the curve are very good . 
at least this film has some pretty good music that for the most part remains relevant and appropriate . 
forget the lame title and malcolm mcdowell 's narration of the obvious plot points , and concentrate on the film 's stronger attributes such as its style , the exquisite atmosphere of the time period , its original look at the gangster dynamic within the same group , its memorable sequences and the solid performances from its two main leads , bettany and thewlis . 
perhaps one of the best things about this film , is its naturalness . 
he 's perfect for a role like this , and at the same time he reassures us 
fortunately it works well for him in this movie . 
but if you 're patient with it , the movie offers innumerable rewards , such as a pair of self - assured performances by morgan freeman and jessica tandy . 
the sound really stood out in the film . 
although an extremely fine and mature picture , a few small elements hold the film back from ultimate greatness . 
the complex role of ellie is an actress 's dream , and foster , a virtual shoo - in for yet another best actress oscar nomination next year , more than rises to the challenge . 
the script is wise to take this route , as gays ca n't ( i do n't think so , anyway ) be offended by this light , playful comedy . 
it 's the auxiliary characters who give the laserman its unique spark . 
mohr ( suicide kings , paulie ) , who is quickly becoming one of my favorite actors , is so good here . 
instead i found a good halloween movie with gore , scares and great acting . 
superb performances - adrian lester sharply portrays the intellect of henry whilst kathy bates is perfect as the robust and energetic libby holden . 
emmerich is particularly noteworthy for issuing his character a sense of sturdy trustworthiness -- the film is immeasurably aided by wonderful production design by dennis gassner in creating truman 's antiseptic , white picket - fenced smalltown utopia , and by burkhard dallwitz 's original score . 
the excitement of the film comes not from the danger posed by the creatures , but rather from watching the shifting allegiances and emotional growth of the characters as the planet serves as a deus ex machina of sorts to catalyze emotional growth . 
this film features good performances , impressive film - making technique and breath - taking crowd scenes . 
the winner of seven academy awards in 1963 for best picture , director , editing , cinematography , art direction , music , and sound . 
he gets the great scenes ( look for one in which he has to portray an interviewer from horse and hound magazine in order to speak with anna ) , the great lines , and gives an overall wonderful performance . 
the high points outweigh the low through most of " o brother , where art thou ? 
with all the character flaws , reversal of fortune is an engrossing puzzle because it is intelligent ; he wants the viewer to make up his own mind . 
it is n't exactly perfect , but its sincerity is well invested in the struggle of the two brothers to identify the sickness before it destroys them . 
the vast amount of detail poured into every war scene is stunning , and there are many episodes that are deeply powerful which resonate through the entire movie . 
the music is lively and the dance numbers , choreographed by patricia birch , are energetic and high - spirited 
or if it is an occurrence that is predetermined by some much larger force within the world , or outside of it ? these thought - provoking questions are the subject of " final destination , " which is the most riveting horror - drama since 1999 's " the sixth sense . 
there is constantly humor involved in the interesting dinner table scenes . 
liam neeson is terrific in the main role ; neeson is the kind of actor who does solemn desperation extremely well , and valjean is certainly a man who clearly fits that adjective . 
it sure made my night . 
sometimes a simple shot is the best one . however , many of the shots are stunning , and unlike seven , most of them take place during the day , in sunlight . 
the actors in this film are all also very , very good . 
zemeckis comes off of his three - year break in top shape . 
the way he delivered his lines kept me laughing throughout the time that he was on the screen . 
this is a good film without big budget sets , or big name stars pushed into your face . 
the magic of star wars lies in the way that skywalker 's triumph is symbolized by the audience 's sense of becoming something larger than life itself - a universe of fans , young and old , recreating a movie atmosphere that will impress generations forever . , 
i know what you did last summer , " is a successful horror film for a number of reasons . 
i know what you did last summer , " the first high - profile slasher thriller to be released after 1996 's " scream , " and written by the same screenwriter , kevin williamson , is a stylish , effective horror film that became 1997 's biggest hit of the fall season . 
the person who played the grandfather ( mason adams , i believe ) also does a great job . 
prince of the city takes all this and charges it with a perceptive , hard boiled script and taut unintrusive direction by old pro sidney lumet , as well as a handful of intense performances , most notably by treat . 
for all the interesting questions it asks , the film is still what it 's being sold as-- " a journey to the heart of the universe . " and what a fascinating , unforgettable journey it is . 
although the film 's rather conventional climax does n't sustain the inspired dynamic achieved in the first two - thirds , and ultimately just falls short on delivering the intended emotional punch , there are moments through the truman show which are genuinely stirring and moving as truman attempts to make sense of his unraveling world and grasp the implications behind his discoveries of deception . 
the guy has grown up . 
cameron diaz is absolutely enchanting for most of the film , although her character seems obsessed with perfection in the men she dates , and some of the qualities she looks for make mary look paper - thin at times . 
michael keaton makes his presence felt , albeit in small but dignified moments , and de niro is ideal in playing the lug - head who goes over the edge . 
lloyd bridges does a decent imitation of brando 's godfather , while pamela gidley is dead - on in a full - blown mockery of sharon stone . 
brilliant performance of robert de niro in role of a lifetime can give arguments for both sides . 
the special - effects are first - rate , thanks to industrial light and magic , and the ensemble cast works well together 
there are moments of brilliance , but the visual confusion dilutes the power of the scene . 
hugh bonneville , emma chambers , james dreyfus , and gina mckee bring up the guard as william 's friends and family , particularly shining in a scene where william brings anna to his sister 's birthday dinner , and we get to see how these common folks react to the presence of a movie star in their midst . 
morgan freeman is one of today 's most powerful and believable actors . 
any movie - lover should see this wonderfully stylish motion picture . , 
there 's a great scene early on where an irate williams shouts at an ia officer and looks as if he 's about to go into one of those corny braveheart inspirational speeches , but instead he breaks down in front of the cop and begins sobbing . 
easily winning the audience over with an honest , painful performance . 
but there are also many , many delights for adults , including my favorite scene in which matilda uses her powers to frighten miss trunchbull by having chalk write on a chalkboard by itself while matilda 's classmates recite in sing - song fashion ; there is also a deadpan cameo by paul reubens as an fbi agent staking out matilda 's father . 
by grabthar 's hammer , this is a hell of a movie . 
she is always a nice addition as a supporting actress , because she has that charisma 
of the countless horror films that have competed for a piece of the " scream " audience , " final destination " is the best so far . 
" with particular praise for the wonderful selection of period and traditional music . 
thank god for desperado . 
overall , a cute comedy with a decent premise , and a few particularly hilarious scenes . 
rodriguez is having too much fun finding new and innovative ways to pay homage to john woo . 
the masterpiece epic of 
now , more than two decades later , when some other " life imitating art " incidents get more attention , we can finally enjoy taxi driver in all its artistic glory . 
janeane garofalo is not only the queen of the romantic comedy , she is the best comic actress in hollywood 
visually this film is as spectacular as the first two . 
her work is of award - calibre , and in this age in which a preponderence of superb child performers have emerged ( kirsten dunst , tina majorino , anna paquin , natalie portman , christina ricci , elijah wood ) , malone 's performance stands up well . 
travis and his world found themselves in a desperate situation , and martin scorsese uses the best of his cinematic skills in order to spill the gloom of schrader 's screenplay into the silver screen . 
this film features good performances , impressive film - making technique and breath - taking crowd scenes . 
watchable 
a refreshing change - of - pace from most hollywood films , which never bother to try anything different , at least on a visual level . 
taking shots at both the obvious and not - so - obvious elements of star trek and its fandom , galaxy quest never goes for cheap laughs , opting instead for broad but smart parody . 
but the insightful dialogue and refreshing dramatics , give it an intelligent selling point and make it a good product to see . 
rush is absolutely incredible as javert ; i do n't remember ever feeling so strongly about a villain as i do here ; he adds depth and complexity with subtle glances and nuances , and effortlessly makes each of his scenes intense . 
the fact they are mentioned at all is quite original . 
in fact , in addition to being wildly humorous , the film may actually prove to be cathartic . 
what may arouse interest in the lady and the duke outside of foreign film enthusiasts with literary and historical passions is rohmer 's use of cutting edge digital technology as a means of exploring the theme of artifice as safety net or coping mechanism . 
luckily , his showcase of actors convert every morsel of possible enjoyment onto the screen , and jackie brown has no trouble entertaining the average viewer . 
the gorgeous scenery of moonlit town squares and sparkling rivers provides a perfect love story backdrop 
i was still laughing thru the entire thing . 
yet , you must realize that the story is timeless , and a few hundred years later it is equally as witty and comical 
" also has its share of fun humor , such as when will , in an early therapy session , pretends to be hypnotized and smoothly parodies the alien abduction scenarios that have become so well known in popular culture . 
the puppeteering is phenomenal -- observe the scenes in which jen plays his flute , or the landwalker chase -- but i must stress that any thoughts of strings and hands and remote controls all but vanish in the opening moments of the picture , a delicately - narrated ( by john baddeley ) , absorbing prologue . 
aptly spoofs corporate culture . 
actually work towards the film . 
just like love itself , this movie is distinct and appreciated by all on many different levels . 
the narration is exquisite , as is the mystery of kurtz . 
jackie brown is a seriously dragged - out exercise enlivened by such fine acting . 
crowe is also excellent as the film 's grisly - faced hero . 
and like those preceding it , spartacus and ben hur , gladiator has nearly everything going for it - a strong lead actor , a wonderful supporting cast , eye - catching special effects , and a great script . since the two aforementioned films came out before the prime target viewers of gladiator ( teenagers to thirty - year - old males ) were around , a whole new genre may just be reborn and revisited . 
the funny lines come forth naturally in conversations and not from punch lines . 
although the movie is longer than it should be and is essentially a melodramatic tearjerker with an unsatisfying conclusion that guarantees unhappiness for just about every character , there are enough moments like that which make " the horse whisperer " worth the price of admission . 
after watching the film again , i am convinced that it is simply one of the finest works of cinematic genius to ever illuminate the big screen . 
the rest of the cast , including richard harris , djimon hounsou , walter hill , derek jacobi , and connie nielsen are also first rate . 
three to tango 's climax is a hilarious , clever scene that is pure irony based on the outcome of most romantic - mistaken identity comedies . 