critique : a mind - fuck movie for the teen generation that touches on a very cool idea , but presents it in a very bad package . 
they seem to have taken this pretty neat concept , but executed it terribly . 
critique : a mind - fuck movie for the teen generation that touches on a very cool idea , but presents it in a very bad package . 
not really . 
. skip it ! 
which is what makes this review an even harder one to write , since i generally applaud films which attempt to break the mold , mess with your head and such ( lost highway & memento ) , but there are good and bad ways of making all types of films , and these folks just did n't snag this one correctly 
do we really need to see it over and over again ? 
overall , the film does n't stick 
it feels pretty redundant for most of its runtime , despite a pretty cool ending and explanation to all of the craziness that came before it . 
have no idea what 's going on 
now i personally do n't mind trying to unravel a film every now and then , but when all it does is give me the same clue over and over again , i get kind of fed up after a while , which is this film 's biggest problem . 
what 's the deal ? 
because it does n't entertain , it 's confusing , it rarely excites and 
it starts off " normal " but then downshifts into this " fantasy " world in which you , as an audience member , 
well , its main problem is that it 's simply too jumbled 
the sad part is that the arrow and i both dig on flicks like this , so we actually figured most of it out by the half - way point , so all of the strangeness after that did start to make a little bit of sense , but it still did n't the make the film all that more entertaining . 
the acting is below average , even from the likes of curtis . 
sutherland is wasted and baldwin , well , he 's acting like a baldwin , of course . 
otherwise , it 's pretty much a sunken ship of a movie . 
still feels very empty , like a movie going for all flash and no substance . 
information on the characters is literally spoon - fed to the audience ( would it be that hard to show us instead of telling us ? ) , dialogue is poorly written , and the plot is extremely predictable . 
it is clear that the film is nothing more than an attempt to cash in on the teenage spending dollar , judging from the rash of really awful teen - flicks that we 've been seeing as of late . avoid this film at all costs . 
the characters and acting is nothing spectacular , sometimes even bordering on wooden . 
information on the characters is literally spoon - fed to the audience ( would it be that hard to show us instead of telling us ? ) , dialogue is poorly written , and the plot is extremely predictable . 
claire danes and omar epps deliver their lines as if they are bored , which really transfers onto the audience . 
after the first fifteen minutes , it quickly becomes apparent that it is not . 
the mod squad is certainly a slick looking production , complete with nice hair and costumes , but that simply is n't enough . 
unfortunately , even he 's not enough to save this convoluted mess , as 
it is clear that the film is nothing more than an attempt to cash in on the teenage spending dollar , judging from the rash of really awful teen - flicks that we 've been seeing as of late . avoid this film at all costs . 
despite an american ' r ' rating ( which the content does not justify ) , the film is way too juvenile for the older mindset . 
with it comes every single clich ? 
all the characters do n't do much apart from occupying screen time . 
the characters and acting is nothing spectacular , sometimes even bordering on wooden . 
that differentiates " quest " from something you 'd see on any given saturday morning cartoon -- subpar animation , instantly forgettable songs , poorly - integrated computerized footage . 
" quest for camelot " is missing pure showmanship , an essential element if it 's ever expected to climb to the high ranks of disney . 
this year , it 's no contest , as " quest for camelot " is pretty much dead on arrival . 
" 's most grievous error is its complete lack of personality . 
even the characters stink -- none of them are remotely interesting , so much that the film becomes a race to see which one can out - bland the others . 
-- that 'd be " pocahontas " for those of you keeping score -- is n't nearly as dull as this . 
and personality , we learn from this mess , goes a very long way . 
but one must strain through too much of this mess to find the good . aside from the fact that children will probably be as bored watching this as adults , " quest for camelot 
but one must strain through too much of this mess to find the good . aside from the fact that children will probably be as bored watching this as adults , " quest for camelot 
it is highly derivative and somewhat boring 
these plans include the all - time , psycho - in - love , cliche : the murdered pet . 
the whole episode places an incredible strain on the audience 's suspension of disbelief and questions the validity of either character 's intelligence . 
if you 're in the mood for a good suspense film , though , stake out something else . 
stalked proceeds , then , as it begins : obvious , obvious , obvious . 
the whole episode places an incredible strain on the audience 's suspension of disbelief and questions the validity of either character 's intelligence . 
stalked does not provide much suspense , though that is what it sets out to do . 
other than that , stalked is just another redundant entry doomed to collect dust on video shelves and viewed after midnight on cable . 
sadly what follows is not really up to the buildup . 
these are standard haunted house film shock effects that require no great talent to give the audience . 
the basic plot of ghosts of mars has much in common with that of assault on precinct 13 except that precinct 9 ( yes , precinct 9 ) has been replaced by a somewhat tacky looking rundown martian mining colony . 
it is a very bad mistake to make . 
somewhat newer but also unimpressive 
but that still does not make for a really good science fiction experience . 
and just when you think it 's finally over , schumacher tags on a ridiculous self - righteous finale that drags the whole unpleasant experience down even further . trust me . 
is " 8 mm " something you really want to see ? probably not . 
there are better ways to waste two hours of your life . 
neither super nor standard , " 8 mm " is shocking only in its banality . 
the first two - thirds of " 8 mm " unwind as a fairly conventional missing persons drama , albeit with a particularly unsavory core . 
more like a hugh asshole , but that 's beside the point , which is : nine months includes too many needlessly stupid jokes that get laughs from the ten year olds in the audience while everyone else shakes his or her head in disbelief . 
hugh grant 's sunset boulevard arrest ( please , no caught - with - his - pants - down jokes ) may bring more people into the theaters , but they certainly wo n't leave with a smile on their faces , not after 90 minutes of grant 's nervous smiles . 
grant ( flutters eyelashes , offers a nervous smile , then responds in his annoying english accent and i - think - i - actually - have- talent attitude ) : could you possibly elaborate on that ? 
it 's a terrible mess of a movie starring a terrible mess of a man , mr . hugh grant , a huge dork . 
nine months is a complete failure , low on laughs and intelligence and high on loud , unfunny slapstick , failed jokes and other uninspired lunacy . 
eye flutters and nervous smiles pass for acting ? 
the annoying friend is played by tom arnold , who provides most of the cacophonous slapstick , none of which is funny , such as a scene where arnold beats up a costumed " arnie the dinosaur " ( you draw your own parallels on that one ) in a toy store . 
they wasted their money on an unfulfilled desire . 
nine months is a complete failure , low on laughs and intelligence and high on loud , unfunny slapstick , failed jokes and other uninspired lunacy . 
nine months is a predictable cookie - cutter movie with 
it 's not the whole oral - sex / prostitution thing ( referring to grant , not me ) that bugs me , it 's the fact that grant is annoying . 
the annoying friend is played by tom arnold , who provides most of the cacophonous slapstick , none of which is funny , such as a scene where arnold beats up a costumed " arnie the dinosaur " ( you draw your own parallels on that one ) in a toy store . 
" another nasty but unamusing joke , except this one goes right over the ten year olds ' heads , while the adults simultaneously groan . 
everything in the movie is so forced , so unauthentic that anyone with an i . 
no originality in humor or plot . 
nine months is a complete failure , low on laughs and intelligence and high on loud , unfunny slapstick , failed jokes and other uninspired lunacy . 
weak , unimaginative casting thwarts the pivotal role of kaisa . 
when did character driven stories stop paying attention to the complexities of real life ? 
aberdeen is never half so ambitious , content to sleepwalk through the rhythms and timing of other movies . 
aberdeen is never half so ambitious , content to sleepwalk through the rhythms and timing of other movies . 
a sentimental and painfully mundane european drama . 
this is a pretty bad movie . 
oh yeah , the score ! yikes , how 's about taking it down a few notches there , fellas ? 
hmmmm , well , the main actor , justin chambers , is basically an uncharismatic version of chris o'donnell but with less range ( think about that ! ) , and mena suvari , is just plain off . 
ugh , just another small thing that annoyed me about this trash . 
not as bad as thora birch was in dungeons & dragons , but entirely miscast , with bad deliveries , awful sequences and a piss - poor accent 
this thing blares in your ear whenever it feels the need to accentuate a certain scene , but actually does little more than annoy 
the editing is also pretty shoddy in this movie , the dialogue banal and stilted and the plot problems . . . 
we vow to stay away from it all ! ! 
what else was bad in this film ? 
not as bad as thora birch was in dungeons & dragons , but entirely miscast , with bad deliveries , awful sequences and a piss - poor accent 
not as bad as thora birch was in dungeons & dragons , but entirely miscast , with bad deliveries , awful sequences and a piss - poor accent 
it 's not original , is entirely predictable and lacks energy 
this thing blares in your ear whenever it feels the need to accentuate a certain scene , but actually does little more than annoy 
it was boring for stretches , 
the acting was atrocious at times 
the story is just plain boring . 
the ladder sequence itself is a definite keeper but unfortunately the rest of the movie is just regurgitated crap . 
you failed all around ! 
hmmmm , well , the main actor , justin chambers , is basically an uncharismatic version of chris o'donnell but with less range ( think about that ! ) , and mena suvari , is just plain off . 
there is unnecessary padding with howie 's miserable dad ( bruce altman ) in the hot seat for a white - collar crime , degenerate youngsters who get their kicks from robbing middle - class houses , and some homoerotic shenanigans with wise - ass gary terrio ( billy kay ) , a handsome artful dodger . rather than add to the themes of suburban ennui ( not that we needed another movie on that subject ) , these awkward subplots pad out the running time to adequate feature length . 
it 's too much . 
it 's typical of unimaginative cinema to wrap things up with a bullet , sparing the writers from actually having to come up with a complex , philosophical note . 
there is unnecessary padding with howie 's miserable dad ( bruce altman ) in the hot seat for a white - collar crime , degenerate youngsters who get their kicks from robbing middle - class houses , and some homoerotic shenanigans with wise - ass gary terrio ( billy kay ) , a handsome artful dodger . rather than add to the themes of suburban ennui ( not that we needed another movie on that subject ) , these awkward subplots pad out the running time to adequate feature length . 
both of them should have known better . 
what the message here ? sometimes even the most respectable person of comedic distinction , like garofalo , will sell out with a weak script . 
the matchmaker falls for every cliche of things that can go wrong 
-- it was a good idea a couple years ago with the truth about cats and dogs but is almost excruciating in the matchmaker . 
it also jumps on the ever - popular political satire bandwagon and manages to fall flat there , too 
this is a by - the - books movie that plods along on a predestined course with no surprises and very few laughs . 
chambers ' d'artangnan is n't a musketeer -- he 's a mouseketeer ! and hyam 's use of candles and torches to light the grime and filth of 17th century paris are well - noted , but that 's the only standout in 
the musketeer instead weighs itself down with a predictable and monotonous screenplay by gene quintano ( sudden death ) , horrible acting 
this time out the nod to asia goes by way of france in the excruciating bland and lukewarm production of the musketeer , a version of dumas 's the three musketeers . 
by stephen rea and tim roth , and the prosaic attempt of justin chambers ( the wedding planner ) to deliver his mousy self as a leader . 
the end result is a tepid and dull action / adventure rip - off that stinks of indiana jones and bad asian kung fu . 
by stephen rea and tim roth , and the prosaic attempt of justin chambers ( the wedding planner ) to deliver his mousy self as a leader . 
the end result is a tepid and dull action / adventure rip - off that stinks of indiana jones and bad asian kung fu . 
the story is so simple my grandmother could have adapted the screenplay . 
the end result is a tepid and dull action / adventure rip - off that stinks of indiana jones and bad asian kung fu . 
the end result is a tepid and dull action / adventure rip - off that stinks of indiana jones and bad asian kung fu . 
an overall flat production . 
the musketeer instead weighs itself down with a predictable and monotonous screenplay by gene quintano ( sudden death ) , horrible acting 
in the fifth element , for example ) , and remar has always been one of my favorite " utility " actors but he 's so totally wrong for this part that he does n't even have the luxury of amused self - awareness . 
i could write volumes about the things that are wrong with this picture , but here are the high points : 
lame and so obviously sexist 
and the lamest fight involved two of the women in what turns into a mud - wrestling match . 
one gets the general impression that the producers of the movie thought " hey , that last movie was such a success that we can get more money and make a * real * movie now . " too bad they did n't simply stick with the formula from the first movie . 
sandra hess ( playing the sonya blade character ) is particularly execrable , especially in scenes where she tries to convince us that she loved johnny cage ( a character from the first movie who gets greased at the beginning of this movie ) . 
silly , silly folks . 
* the acting is truly bad . 
thereafter follows approximately 85 minutes of film that alternates between being confused , being trite , being silly , and being just plain stupid . 
* there are a number of completely meaningless story sidetracks , including a muddled scene where liu kang ( robin shou ) seeks out nightwolf ( litefoot ) , has a mystical hallucination , and then wanders off with jade ( irina pantaeva ) . 
* in one of the worst pieces of mis - casting 
* there are a number of completely meaningless story sidetracks , including a muddled scene where liu kang ( robin shou ) seeks out nightwolf ( litefoot ) , has a mystical hallucination , and then wanders off with jade ( irina pantaeva ) . 
in that case , the following critiques also apply : * sandra hess , while being an even worse actress than bridgette wilson ( who played sonya blade in the first movie ) , is much more convincing as a fighter . 
but there 's nothing to learn . 
barbet schroeder ( " reversal of fortune " ) co - produced and should be ashamed of himself . 
it does n't much matter and believe me by the time " shattered image " runs its painful and pedestrian course 
and boring . parillaud and baldwin , who are n't exactly shakespearean material to begin with , are saddled with such leaden dialogue that their characters have zero chance of breaking free of their cardboard confines . 
and boring . parillaud and baldwin , who are n't exactly shakespearean material to begin with , are saddled with such leaden dialogue that their characters have zero chance of breaking free of their cardboard confines . 
karen is as interesting as a cereal box 
these two lives , with parillaud looking like siouxsie sioux with a black wig , black emotionless eyes , and black leather clothing in the seattle - based assassin scenes , and moping around like karen carpenter in the jamaica scenes , play out endlessly throughout the film and the result is 
and boring . parillaud and baldwin , who are n't exactly shakespearean material to begin with , are saddled with such leaden dialogue that their characters have zero chance of breaking free of their cardboard confines . 
" huh ? and this wonderful bathroom interchange early in the film : " if you give me a couple of minutes you know i 'll charm the pants off you . " 
it 's now * twice * as boring as it might have been . 
, a someone's - out - to - get - me crybaby who imagines the voice at the other end of the phone , the stranger who sends her flowers , maybe even her husband himself , is her would - be killer . 
it 's just stupid . 
" the biggest piece of hooey since the stallone / stone " thriller " " the specialist . 
in category number three we have , in addition to those swirling red gases and the silly - looking train , a couple of bird's - eye - view shots of a sprawling martian metropolis ( reddish also ) . 
what that means , however , is that fans of superior , intelligent , grade a sci - fi / horror are singularly out of luck . 
" ghosts of mars " sadly adds to those disappointing returns ( in its opening weekend it was overshadowed by a bunch of sequels , among them " american pie 2 " and " rush hour 2 " ) . 
in category one , above , we have a storyline that borders on idiotic 
all assuming that the story and special effects were going to carry this film and therefore they did n't need to try too hard 
like all those films prefixed by the very possessive " john carpenter 's , " " ghosts of mars " is an unashamed b - movie punctuated by a b - movie plot , b - movie actors , and b - movie special effects . 
the film often and always explodes into warfare without warning -- spontaneously , stupidly . 
ghosts of mars " is lock , laughing stock , and barrel 
all your standard carpenter fare : dingy interiors , cluttered exteriors , inane dialogue , lots of leather , scarred , crazed - looking aliens , and lots and lots of weaponry . 
carpenter 's latest horror opus with a science fiction bent ( or science fiction outing with a schlock horror bent ) is the aptly - titled " john carpenter 's ghosts of mars " ( in case , i suppose , you went looking for someone else 's " ghosts of mars " ) . 
the preview looked good and of course i 'm crazymadinlove with alicia , but the movie was a bunch of bad jokes coming from whiny , unlikable characters 
what i got was 90 minutes of regret 
there is zero humor , zero suspense , zero drama and zero action , until the last ten minutes , when the story is needlessly and pointlessly concluded with a violent sequence . 
i 've already pointed out that it ca n't fall under drama , comedy , thriller or action , so what do you classify the babysitter as ? bad . 
-- the worst alicia silverstone movie ever . 
she always strikes out . 
the preview looked good and of course i 'm crazymadinlove with alicia , but the movie was a bunch of bad jokes coming from whiny , unlikable characters 
when we were walking out of the theater , one guy ( and it was n't me ) yelled out , " that was the worst f$&#in ' movie i 've ever seen 
it 's just sappy , and eventually just settles into an ending which , other than presenting us with a pathetic computer graphic as a part of the story , gives us little more to think about than how we might be able to get our money back for sitting through this rehashed dreck 
all in all , this movie delivers very little in actual substance , offers two - bit dialogue 
did n't they read the bad dialogue , the cheezy lines , the obvious derivative nature of the work ( mind you , with a director like depalma at the helm , that ai n't saying much ! ) . 
did n't anybody recognize the crappiness in this script ? 
well , whatever it is , you 'd sure as hell hope that it would be a thousand times better than this shoddy attempt at such a melange , considering the disastrous results we 're left with here . 
ultimately , this is a movie that starts off with a decent premise , joins the crew in their " misadventures in space " for the main crux of its journey , and eventually settles down for one of the most anti - climactic endings this side of contact . 
did n't they read the bad dialogue , the cheezy lines , the obvious derivative nature of the work ( mind you , with a director like depalma at the helm , that ai n't saying much ! ) . 
did n't they read the bad dialogue , the cheezy lines , the obvious derivative nature of the work ( mind you , with a director like depalma at the helm , that ai n't saying much ! ) . 
how crappy his movies are getting . 
it 's just sappy , and eventually just settles into an ending which , other than presenting us with a pathetic computer graphic as a part of the story , gives us little more to think about than how we might be able to get our money back for sitting through this rehashed dreck 
, i meant " am disgusted " ! 
. yawn . . . 
masked in a lot of sci - fi mumbo - jumbo 
what a friggin ' mess 
well , whatever it is , you 'd sure as hell hope that it would be a thousand times better than this shoddy attempt at such a melange , considering the disastrous results we 're left with here . 
critique : extremely underwhelming is the best way to describe this movie . 
this is a film that takes a little bit of everything , but ultimately adds up to a lot of nothing ! 
all in all , this movie delivers very little in actual substance , offers two - bit dialogue 
the entire movie downshifts into neutral , features more space walks than anything interesting on the cherry - colored planet , tries too hard to get us into the " pain " of some its characters and unsuccessfully tosses some romance into the mix . 
a bunch of nerdies talking techie jargon for about an hour and a half , only to figure out some big secret in the end , a secret which practically had me yawning with excitement . 
a bunch of nerdies talking techie jargon for about an hour and a half , only to figure out some big secret in the end , a secret which practically had me yawning with excitement . 
this movie sucks . 
it 's just sappy , and eventually just settles into an ending which , other than presenting us with a pathetic computer graphic as a part of the story , gives us little more to think about than how we might be able to get our money back for sitting through this rehashed dreck 
uneven 
ugh . 
just teens whining 
no , it definitely is not . 
do i care ? 
in all honesty , the best part of this film is the end credits . 
here there 's nothing . . . 
just shut the hell up . 
the main one is jill young ( poor charlize theron , forced to waste her talent ) , a lover of gorillas . as a child , she witnessed a group of poachers murder her mother ; now , she lives in the jungle to protect the wildlife . 
as i said , the characters here are only present as a formality : they do little more than 
this is just one of the many examples of stupidity in mighty joe young , a film that fulfills every stereotype that comes with a special effects film . 
the words " family entertainment " have never been a stamp of quality , but might joe young is just a silly special effects movie pretending to have a heart . 
but adults in the audience are n't likely to find much of anything interesting about the big gorilla . 
sadly , mighty joe young wastes them both . 
state the obvious 
but the story is really dumb , 
the movie also has bad dialogue . 
there are n't any characters , and the film is n't satisfying on any level beyond its visuals . 
the main one is jill young ( poor charlize theron , forced to waste her talent ) , a lover of gorillas . as a child , she witnessed a group of poachers murder her mother ; now , she lives in the jungle to protect the wildlife . 
there are n't any characters , and the film is n't satisfying on any level beyond its visuals . 
and the story he 's been put in is as limp as they come . 
joe , as a special effect , is an image that might hold your interest for five minutes . as a character , he does n't quite register . 
as clown , he overacts to the extreme , never missing an opportunity for a poor - taste punchline . 
in a classic example of telling and not showing , " spawn " opens with a truckload of mumbo jumbo about forces of darkness , forces of light and how " men are the ones who create evil on earth . 
, " spawn " is just awful 
it not only appears to have been tailor made for a swarm of 12- and 13-year - old boys , it appears to have been made by them . 
what is he doing wasting his talent in this and " the pest " ? 
the film 's reliance on razzle - dazzle would be acceptable if we were given somebody to root for , but both simmons and his funky alter - ego are completely underdeveloped . 
even watching the adventures of kleenex man would be more interesting than spawn . 
" so much for a message . 
the film 's reliance on razzle - dazzle would be acceptable if we were given somebody to root for , but both simmons and his funky alter - ego are completely underdeveloped . 
in " spawn , " they are the story . and spawn himself is n't even an interesting character . 
-- it stinks worse than a dead trout . 
there 's a compelling story somewhere in " spawn " -- including strong religious overtones and the debut of the first african - american superhero ever -- but it 's just not found anywhere near here . 
other elements of the movie are so - so ; spawn 's enormous red , flowing cape is a wonderful sight , but it 's too obvious when he 's being played by a costumed actor or an image . 
but as soon as a body turns up and claire has given the authorities reason enough to believe her claims , " in dreams " trades in its nifty supernatural chills for a long series of allegedly spooky jolts that simply refuse to make sense . 
scenes pile up like a car wreck with little or no explanation or exposition . 
and the aforementioned flooded city - what function does that _ really _ serve ? sigh . at least in my own dreams , i can imagine a better movie where certain talent did n't go to waste . 
" in dreams " reaches its absurdist zenith here , and the climax drags with mumbled revelations and laughable twists . 
and the aforementioned flooded city - what function does that _ really _ serve ? sigh . at least in my own dreams , i can imagine a better movie where certain talent did n't go to waste . 
the big letdown , however , comes upon the realization that this 100-minute head - scratcher was masterminded by neil jordan , the man behind " the crying game . 
nutty nonsense really pushes the envelope . 
do n't knock the look , but say what you will about the foolish plot , underdeveloped characters and flat dialogue 
and the aforementioned flooded city - what function does that _ really _ serve ? sigh . at least in my own dreams , i can imagine a better movie where certain talent did n't go to waste . 
no , the source of potential sleeplessness here lies within the movie 's brutally squandered potential , the least of which is an admittedly nifty premise - even by tired serial killer genre standards . 
but as soon as a body turns up and claire has given the authorities reason enough to believe her claims , " in dreams " trades in its nifty supernatural chills for a long series of allegedly spooky jolts that simply refuse to make sense . 
i assume , is totally unfunny and over acts his way through every scene . 
to be more clear : i did not even know who he was supposed to be until about an hour into the movie , and even then , it was not made too clear . 
there are no redeeming factors in " knock off " and i seriously hope that every print of this film is burned to a crisp and that somehow my memory of watching the film can be erased . 
the film stock used is of such low caliber 
another problem with the film is that it looks cheap . 
i figured it would be at least a couple of months before i saw the worst film of 1998 , but alas , it has already been found . 
tsui hark ( who directed van damme 's last movie , the bad , but not nearly as bad as this , " double team " ) never lets the camera rest for a second , and that 's no exaggeration . 
a cheap knock off of an action movie . 
nobody gives a good performance in this film . 
there are no redeeming factors in " knock off " and i seriously hope that every print of this film is burned to a crisp and that somehow my memory of watching the film can be erased . 
it 's also the worst movie i have seen thus far this year . 
in case i have n't yet made it clear enough , " knock off " is the worst movie of van damme 's career and possibly the worst movie of the decade . 
* " knock off " to the point where the audience does n't have a clue as to what 's happening any more . 
even the usually solid paul sorvino gives a terribly over - the - top performance 
in case i have n't yet made it clear enough , " knock off " is the worst movie of van damme 's career and possibly the worst movie of the decade . 
van damme , an actor i usually like , is way off the mark playing " everyman " . and schneider , here to provide comic relief 
there are no redeeming factors in " knock off " and i seriously hope that every print of this film is burned to a crisp and that somehow my memory of watching the film can be erased . 
just comes off as a wimp . 
and even the special effects , seemingly the only aspect of the film the director actually cared about , are inconsistent 
it 's too inept to be funny . 
and for some inexplicable reason , everyone 's voice seems to have been dubbed . 
the film has been directed in the style of some strange film experiment gone horribly wrong . 
events become more and more proposterous , and by the end , the film has decided to rely on the worst offender in mysteries like this : the deux ex machina . 
it 's as if the film ran out of the guts to be really complex and original about a third of the way in , and decided to just fall back on an easy way out , and that just happens to mean that it has to become less and less credible 
he 's flawed , and we can see redemption if the story was n't so formulaic . 
the hall of fame of the eighth - assedness . 
this is the most disappointing kind of film because it promises intelligence and complexity , because it promises disection of a flawed character and perhaps even redemption , then pulls the rug from under us just as we were about to be convinced it would be able to go all the way . 
a scene towards the end where he has to make a fatal decision is cheapened by the fact that his answer has no emotional buildup . 
unfortunately , the film has two major deux ex machinas : one in the disasterous ending ; the other , about a half hour in when the film goes into autopilot and becomes a stale and recycled piece of crap 
he can write a flawed character , but his rick santoro seems to be just a half - assed effort . 
events become more and more proposterous , and by the end , the film has decided to rely on the worst offender in mysteries like this : the deux ex machina . 
but that 's not the worst part of it 
it 's as if the film ran out of the guts to be really complex and original about a third of the way in , and decided to just fall back on an easy way out , and that just happens to mean that it has to become less and less credible 
unfortunately , the film has two major deux ex machinas : one in the disasterous ending ; the other , about a half hour in when the film goes into autopilot and becomes a stale and recycled piece of crap 
we follow the wrong character , and we learn of the answer to the mystery too early on , and way before rick can find it out . 
unfortunately , the film has two major deux ex machinas : one in the disasterous ending ; the other , about a half hour in when the film goes into autopilot and becomes a stale and recycled piece of crap 
it only gets worse : the film turns into a chase film about half way through the film , and since we already know what happened , we ca n't rely on rick 's investigation to be all that interesting . 
" snake eyes " is the most aggravating kind of movie : the kind that shows so much potential then becomes unbelievably disappointing . 
it 's worse than that . 
it 's aggravating for the sole reason that its story could be so much more , could be totally intelligent , and it opens up with absolutely no subtlety that it will be handled complexly and intensely . . 
a scene towards the end where he has to make a fatal decision is cheapened by the fact that his answer has no emotional buildup . 
what went wrong ? 
then at one point in the movie makes on wrong turn that leads it to the hall of fame of half - assedness . or more deservedly , 
far from bewitching , the crucible tests the patience . 
the crucible errs from the beginning and arthur miller 's name should be summoned for blame here for the addition of the above scene to his screen adaptation of his play . 
otherwise , hytner 's direction is unremarkable . 
paul scofield is fine as the overzealous judge danforth , but the incessant moral posturings of all the characters along with the recurrent histrionics of the young girls pricks at the nerves . 
ryder 's performance as abigail is as consistent as her mood swings . 
the quieter moments are less successful . 
a bad start to an already shaky morality tale . 
unfortunately , when john 's audience again increases to more than one his urge to pontificate returns and the human urgency of his situation is lost . 
abigail supposedly revels in her newfound power , but ryder fails at being convincingly haughty although there is much haughtiness to spare here . 
his screenplay is an imperfect creature with the distractions coming out as loud as the message . 
the result is a clumsy muddle 
, the next scene no more engaging than the last . only once does any character utter something worthwhile , but by the time it happens you 're 
you could easily sleep through whole sections of the film ( as some fellow critics did ) and wake up in a scene exactly like the one you nodded off in , not having missed anything worthwhile . 
and if this film had anything poignant to say , you would have , which makes you all the angrier at the numerous missed opportunities . 
the environments , be it city or country , are impeccably captured in crisp detail , but the script never complements them . unfortunately , godard also manages to pillage his photographic eye by randomly 
you suddenly feel like a doomed character straight out of scanners . 
however , his latest creation , in praise of love , is possibly the most exasperating film experience of the year . 
the second half is composed of nauseating hyper - color that often blurs the image . 
instead what ensues is an hour and a half of repetitive vignettes 
the second half is composed of nauseating hyper - color that often blurs the image . 
so thoroughly bored you can easily miss it . 
, the next scene no more engaging than the last . only once does any character utter something worthwhile , but by the time it happens you 're 
the environments , be it city or country , are impeccably captured in crisp detail , but the script never complements them . unfortunately , godard also manages to pillage his photographic eye by randomly 
the environments , be it city or country , are impeccably captured in crisp detail , but the script never complements them . unfortunately , godard also manages to pillage his photographic eye by randomly 
sometimes these breaks are used for chapter headings , but these are even more cryptic than the spoken words . 
the environments , be it city or country , are impeccably captured in crisp detail , but the script never complements them . unfortunately , godard also manages to pillage his photographic eye by randomly 
in the end this film defines itself when our cop 's tribunal pronounces , " is that all you have to tell us ? " for , indeed , john carpenter has run out of things to say , and has instead decided to use whatever is convenient to tell a ridiculously bad story . 
the only thing keeping this film from becoming an incomprehensible mess is the sheer idiotic simplicity of its story . 
most of these moments come off as kwik - e - mart wisdom , dispensed heartily around the slushee machine of life by the even - tempered streetwise hand of ice cube . 
in the end this film defines itself when our cop 's tribunal pronounces , " is that all you have to tell us ? " for , indeed , john carpenter has run out of things to say , and has instead decided to use whatever is convenient to tell a ridiculously bad story . 
attempts at character interaction and development are rare and forced . 
the only thing keeping this film from becoming an incomprehensible mess is the sheer idiotic simplicity of its story . 
reindeer games is easily the worst of the three recent films penned by ehren kruger ( scream 3 and arlington 
gary sinise has played this role frequently , and here , as in snake eyes , he does the snarling bad guy thing with such over the top vitriol 
" we ride the trends " . reindeer games stars ben affleck as rudy , a supposedly hardened criminal spending his days and nights behind bars with fantasies of pecan pies dancing atop his head . 
the role itself is so badly written ( the character only grows balls when the plot calls for it ) , the twists so outrageous , and the directing so self consciously gritty that this is about as close to self parody as i can recall a recent " serious " movie getting . 
f * ck you jack ass , take that twist , 
the guy ca n't seem to write believable dialogue 
these are talented people who made the mistake of jumping on to a script with little but stock characters and a bag of tricks that it dully springs on its audience . 
his screenplay for reindeer games turns the tables on the audience so many times that watching the film becomes something of a punishment with no reward anywhere in sight . 
the role itself is so badly written ( the character only grows balls when the plot calls for it ) , the twists so outrageous , and the directing so self consciously gritty that this is about as close to self parody as i can recall a recent " serious " movie getting . 
a stupid one - liner . 
character problems abound ; rudy is made to shift between sweet boy next door earnestness and hard edged wiseacre , the latter of which is not ( at least at this point ) something ben affleck is capable of pulling off . 
serve no purpose in the story other than to further pad out the running time and to remind the audience that their watching an action movie rather than a filmed radio play . 
she never has a chance to evince any charm or make much of an impression beyond her obvious physical attributes ( frankenheimer has her needlessly pop her top to further italicize this . 
these are talented people who made the mistake of jumping on to a script with little but stock characters and a bag of tricks that it dully springs on its audience . 
and his numerous twists ca n't even claim to be originals ; arlington rd 's ending is a direct steal from the much better alan 
it 's almost as if the writer were angry at us for shelling out money to see his stupid movie . 
decipher this mother f * cker ! 
serve no purpose in the story other than to further pad out the running time and to remind the audience that their watching an action movie rather than a filmed radio play . 
and why the hell would anyone want to invest time in a movie when the screenwriter keeps changing his own rules for no reason other than to congratulate himself on how damn clever he is ? 
though it 's an action film , the ending is more a talkfest where we get the whole movie explained to us by one flustered character actor after another while affleck looks on , incredulous as the audience . 
though it 's an action film , the ending is more a talkfest where we get the whole movie explained to us by one flustered character actor after another while affleck looks on , incredulous as the audience . 
( the guy must be so incredibly bored of stomping through the same paces that going out of control is the only thing that keeps him interested any more ) , that it becomes more of an annoyance 
what makes " 102 dalmatians " such a collosal bore is its embarrassing attempts at humor ( here almost single - handedly foisted on a wisecracking macaw who thinks he 's a dog , voiced by eric idle ) , its rabid plotlessness 
what makes " 102 dalmatians " such a collosal bore is its embarrassing attempts at humor ( here almost single - handedly foisted on a wisecracking macaw who thinks he 's a dog , voiced by eric idle ) , its rabid plotlessness 
what makes " 102 dalmatians " such a collosal bore is its embarrassing attempts at humor ( here almost single - handedly foisted on a wisecracking macaw who thinks he 's a dog , voiced by eric idle ) , its rabid plotlessness 
savvy holiday goers should skip " 102 dalmatians " and pop the original 1961 animated classic into * their * vcrs instead . 
( cruella goes after puppies again ; winds up in goo again ) and most of all , the incredibly wooden actors who plays the romantic " heroes " of the piece , a welshman named ioan gruffudd and the blander - than - bland 
( cruella goes after puppies again ; winds up in goo again ) and most of all , the incredibly wooden actors who plays the romantic " heroes " of the piece , a welshman named ioan gruffudd and the blander - than - bland 
bad acting , however , seems to be a requirement for this sequel , since g ? 
some of the more ludicrous moments come when it 's alluded to that people like jimmy carter and henry kissinger may actually be the antichrist ( ! ) . 
then it 's going to be incredibly boring . 
the film is dated badly , as many things that are supposed to happen in the " future " never do . 
, this dud unsuccessfully attempts to use athleticism as a method of connecting characters and creating interesting subplots . 
however , the fight goes on for way too long and becomes very repetitive and predictable after awhile , kind of like the whole film . 
4 ) there are two many interfering , irrelevant side stories . 
however , the fight goes on for way too long and becomes very repetitive and predictable after awhile , kind of like the whole film . 
the newest addition to ron shelton 's sports - themed repertoire fails in numerous ways . 
play it to the bone is unsuccessful because not only is the boxing theme dull , but the side story of the two guys and a girl travelling across the country is even worse . 
the film has no social message like its predecessors . 
there is not one convincing moment dedicated to seeing the characters laugh together or actually agree on something . 
these boring tales only hurt 
forty five painful minutes remain . 
all in all , another bad live action film from the premere studio for bad live action films . 
why she is so underutilized 
a lot of the lines ( especially hughley 's ) appear to be made up as they go along , by people with little gift for ad - lib . 
i wonder if disney uses the revenues for it 's generally money - making cartoons to produce these losers 
stupidity . 
i kept expecting him to say or do something really funny and somehow save the film , but instead , he does the best he can with some really poor lines in a few unexceptional scenes . 
about three - quarters of the film is a somewhat unnecessary origin story for both gadget and claw . 
it 's pretty bad . 
a lot of the lines ( especially hughley 's ) appear to be made up as they go along , by people with little gift for ad - lib . 
the tag - line after a major set - piece battle is a faux pas that makes no sense in context . 
dabney coleman 's comedic talents are utterly wasted as chief quimby . 
" let 's have a really painful sexual reference for no reason right here -- make it really painful . 
michelle ( who plays penny , gadget 's niece ) shines in every scene she 's in , but unfortunately 
the scenes here are just pointless and interfere with the pacing of the film . 
the performance is undirected , with the character changing his tone and demeanor in accordance with whatever location he is in . 
the script by eric bernt and john jarrell is not focused in such a way that we can care about the characters or the situations they are in . 
unfortunately , a lot of jet 's fights are aided with computer effects that detract from his ability and precision . 
the big gambit of buying up waterfront property to facilitate the building of a sports center for a nfl team is needlessly confusing . 
until then , we 'll be left with emotionally hollow product like " the replacement killer " and , currently " romeo must die " . 
every fight scene , even though technically adroit and amazing becomes boring as the editing both cuts away from battle at hand and simple follows a set pattern . 
unfortunately " romeo must die " bears all the trademarks of a typical hollywood action film and none of hong kong 's rhythms . 
but the pacing of the film is lethargic , 
here in " romeo must die " , there is no staccato . 
, maurice has no comic timing whatsoever . 
here in ' romeo must die ' , the fight scenes have no more emotional content or character than any john wayne barroom brawl . 
the rhythm is monotonous . 
an unfocused performance that should have been reigned in and / or better written . 
it 's a shame that his full talents were not used to full effect here . 
" the replacements is a hokey mistake of a football film , a mishmash collage of one - dimensional characters , rampant stereotypes of cultures and races , cliched emotional statements of purpose , and keanu reeves wishing for the matrix sequel to start principal photography . 
it 's also a shame when decent directors with good movies under their belts go to seed and become television and sequel hacks . 
" the replacements is a hokey mistake of a football film , a mishmash collage of one - dimensional characters , rampant stereotypes of cultures and races , cliched emotional statements of purpose , and keanu reeves wishing for the matrix sequel to start principal photography . 
the replacements offers none of this . 
i wish i could have been in the pitch meeting for this ridiculous notion of a sports film . 
" the replacements is a hokey mistake of a football film , a mishmash collage of one - dimensional characters , rampant stereotypes of cultures and races , cliched emotional statements of purpose , and keanu reeves wishing for the matrix sequel to start principal photography . 
obviously the problem is that without a good script , any director will fail in the end . 
obviously the problem is that without a good script , any director will fail in the end . 
in the hands of controversial director larry clark ( " kids " ) , however , it has less to say about its subject matter and more to say about the filmmaker 's pornographic proclivities . 
bully " aims for truth , exploits it shamelessly , then bludgeons it to death . 
in terms of the incident and what provoked it , " bully " stirs up nothing new . 
what 's most troubling about the film , however , is n't the unsettling subject matter and the matter - of - fact way these young people go about eliminating one of their own but the way in which clark is constantly distracted by his own material 
you forget , at times , what this movie is supposed to be about . 
there 's no logic at work here 
. tone is also an issue -- there is none . director arne glimcher never establishes exactly what his film is trying to say . 
watching connery and fishburne bump heads for two hours is amusing enough , but the plot 's a joke . 
. tone is also an issue -- there is none . director arne glimcher never establishes exactly what his film is trying to say . 
just awful . 
unfortunately , this film is n't comedy and any laugh is unintentional . 
his partner bo derek , on the other hand , shows that she did n't age enough to cease being the sex goddess , but that is small compensation for her apparent lack of acting talents . 
the actors that play them do n't help either . 
ginty , on the other hand , tries to bring some life in the movie by using many flashbacks and strange angles of shooting , but in the end it gets only irritating to the already bored and dissatisfied viewer . 
however , his good friend walter j . hill ( robert mitchum ) happens to be very good lawyer , so jack might even prove his innocence in the end . belonging more to the genre of courtroom drama than erotic thriller , woman of desire distinguishes itself from similar films by having almost all characters behaving like total idiots . 
the characters are totally antipathetic and irritating and soon we stop caring what would happen to them . 
like the snake in " anaconda , " the thirty - foot monster crocodile does n't seem real 
; it moves too quickly and in ways that seem unnatural . 
the result is neither scary nor funny ; it 's just tedious . 
unlike its slippery cousin " anaconda , " " lake placid " wants to present its formulaic plot tongue - in - cheek , which is self - defeating . 
unlike its slippery cousin " anaconda , " " lake placid " wants to present its formulaic plot tongue - in - cheek , which is self - defeating . 
they 're probably thinking about killing their agents or wondering if making this movie marks the end of their careers . 
there is a lot of semi - mystical mumbo jumbo about how " we really do n't know much about crocodiles . 
platt and white , on the other hand , seem to be giving their best efforts , and they manage to squeeze a few chuckles out of this sorry script . 
lake placid " also offers little explanation for why a giant crocodile is in maine . 
its attempts at humor are actually less funny than deadpan seriousness of " anaconda . 
the acting is bland 
also , the movie is irritatingly selective with how effective the bugs are to earthling weaponry . 
the screenwriter ( ed neumeier -- perhaps a better appelation would be " screen typist " ) and director ( the increasingly talent - impaired paul verhoeven ) have not found any way to make the characters or the story serve each other . 
the bumpers between scenes , which are apparently intended to parody wartime recruitment propaganda are propaganda -- just so clumsy and oafish that they wind up making the bugs look relatively innocuous in comparison . 
, neither arsenic nor gravy ; the music disposable ; the camerawork turgid 
the screenwriter ( ed neumeier -- perhaps a better appelation would be " screen typist " ) and director ( the increasingly talent - impaired paul verhoeven ) have not found any way to make the characters or the story serve each other . 
, neither arsenic nor gravy ; the music disposable ; the camerawork turgid 
it 's * literally * like a giant recruitment film that has gone berserk . 
: it 's so cynically , calculatedly bone - headed that even the least demanding members of the audience i was with were alternately bored and revulsed 
it 's one of the worst movies 
it tries frantically to enlist our emotions but it winds up only being dull or sickening . 
uh - huh . 
starship troopers is an expensive , hateful and unenjoyable piece of violent pornography -- and bad pornography , at that . 
starship troopers is an expensive , hateful and unenjoyable piece of violent pornography -- and bad pornography , at that . 
the very worst feature of the movie is its repulsive quasi - fascist flavor . 
the very worst feature of the movie is its repulsive quasi - fascist flavor . 
: it 's so cynically , calculatedly bone - headed that even the least demanding members of the audience i was with were alternately bored and revulsed 
it is not good cinema , not good storytelling , and not even stupid fun 
moreau accomplishes little and is nothing more than an inferior version of ` the planet of the apes ' . 
even so , the production has failed to make the most out of it . 
moreau accomplishes little and is nothing more than an inferior version of ` the planet of the apes ' . 
unfortunately , after 2 adaptations , they still could not decide on how and what to focus their attention on to really bring out that important message which makes up the entire essence of the story . 
rather ungloriously at times too . 
the special effects too , are really nothing for anyone to shout about 
moreau himself receive no development at all 
great acting , music and cinematography were nice , but too many dull sub - plots and characters made the film hard to follow 
the story revolves around his past , in flashback form , making it even more confusing . 
other than these , the english patient is full of worthless scenes of boredom and 
wastes entirely too much film . , 
do n't get the wrong idea , it may sound good and the trailer may be tempting , but good is the last thing this film is . 
great acting , music and cinematography were nice , but too many dull sub - plots and characters made the film hard to follow 
maybe if it were an hour less , it may have been tolerable , but 2 hours and 40 minutes of talking is too much to handle . 
lengthy and lousy are two words to describe the boring drama 
, without any evident purpose . 
the plot is n't particularly interesting in the first place : traditional , mildly hackneyed and not very involving . 
there is no method to this movie 's madness . 
the plot is n't particularly interesting in the first place : traditional , mildly hackneyed and not very involving . 
the result is a wild cornucopia of images that amount to precisely nil 
this is a sort of brooding film -- our protagonist does n't speak much and the action sequences are done with an annoyingly perfunctory attitude . 
all in the limey , a cold , uninvolving , confusing new thriller . 
ditto for the editing , which seems to be deliberately sloppy and unpleasant . 
the plot is n't particularly interesting in the first place : traditional , mildly hackneyed and not very involving . 
the plot is permeated with flashbacks , flash - forwards and what can only be described as random time - travel 
what a mess . 
though the plot description may at first seem like it came from the pen of elmore leonard ( author of out of sight , as well as jackie brown , get shorty and pulp fiction ) , after you watch it , you realize that it 's not nearly good enough . in an aggressively non - linear fashion , the limey ( li * mey , noun : an english gentleman ) tells the story of wilson ( terrence stamp ) , a british ex - con just released from a 9 year stint in prison for armed robbery . 
out of sight director steven sorderbergh baffles the hell out of us 
-- even the action scenes do n't work . 
the result is a wild cornucopia of images that amount to precisely nil 
why soderbergh could n't just parrot down and tell a story , i do n't know , but what he does do certainly does n't work . 
the plot is permeated with flashbacks , flash - forwards and what can only be described as random time - travel 
in another movie , it might have worked , but in this one the reaction is likely to be decidedly muted . 
high art is as wasted as its drug - addled protagonists . 
this vacuous picture throws in a standard downer ending 
although nothing could have saved this film from the lowest depths of motion picture trash , at least if the film had centered on shepard , she might have been able to add a little spice to an otherwise rancid , low - budget teen comedy . 
since , " party camp , " has practically no screenplay and there is no talent at all involved , the least the makers could have done was make it raunchy and exploitative . 
never before have i seen so many jokes fall astoundingly flat . 
the comedy was easy to spot , but it was n't the least bit funny . 
a late rip - off of the " meatballs " series , the film follows a group of young camp counselors at camp chipmunk . 
although nothing could have saved this film from the lowest depths of motion picture trash , at least if the film had centered on shepard , she might have been able to add a little spice to an otherwise rancid , low - budget teen comedy . 
that 's really about all that can be said about the " plot " because nothing much happens , except 
" party camp , " is one of the most mindnumbingly brainless comedies i 've seen in awhile . 
since , " party camp , " has practically no screenplay and there is no talent at all involved , the least the makers could have done was make it raunchy and exploitative . 
it was groan - inducing . 
. in a day ? ! the dialogue in the film is , well , an embarrassment . 
detmer and biggs stand in the way for anything interesting to happen with their own boring , pointless subplots . 
the dialogue is probably the worst i have ever seen in any movie , mainly because the whole movie depends on the boring script and the ridiculous words these characters use is what hollywood thinks kids can relate to . 
you 'll hate this movie 
we never learn anything about jennifer which is a shame 
the dialogue is probably the worst i have ever seen in any movie , mainly because the whole movie depends on the boring script and the ridiculous words these characters use is what hollywood thinks kids can relate to . 
the dialogue is probably the worst i have ever seen in any movie , mainly because the whole movie depends on the boring script and the ridiculous words these characters use is what hollywood thinks kids can relate to . 
( well it 's not as bad as wing commander i guess ) the supporting cast is also painfully useless 
the film definitely lives up to the dreaded three adjectives - and mindless entertainment is nowhere to be found 
the movie constantly recycles about twenty minutes worth of material to pad the running time out to an acceptable movie length . 
-- over and over again . 
no number of name changes can help this picture . 
randy quaid sneers a lot , and is totally unconvincing . 
unfortunately , neither he , nor cinematographer - turned - director mikael salomon ( a far off place ) , applies it . 
morgan freeman and minnie driver both attempt to give legitimate performances , but they are defeated by the script . 
thus far this year , hollywood has already subjected us to its unique brand of moronic mayhem by fire ( firestorm ) and water ( hard rain ) . 
the film 's conclusion is so preposterous that it 's almost worth watching for the sheer masochistic enjoyment of seeing the monumentally idiotic way that the film makers decide to resolve the myriad subplots that are floating around . 
it 's all very routine and uninteresting 
the action in hard rain grows tedious through repetition . 
as a result , we are saddled with an idiotic good guys / bad guys story that effectively ruins any potential that the flood tale could have had . 
the movie constantly recycles about twenty minutes worth of material to pad the running time out to an acceptable movie length . 
it 's not just about a disaster , it is a disaster . 
the storyline gives us a number of paper - thin characters in contrived circumstances . 
the film 's conclusion is so preposterous that it 's almost worth watching for the sheer masochistic enjoyment of seeing the monumentally idiotic way that the film makers decide to resolve the myriad subplots that are floating around . 
as a result , we are saddled with an idiotic good guys / bad guys story that effectively ruins any potential that the flood tale could have had . 
hard rain is the case of a movie that gets progressively worse with every passing minute . 
tom is easily one of the most lifeless characters the actor has brought to the screen . 
it takes forever to get to the end credits -- this is one of the longest - seeming 95-minute motion pictures i have recently endured . 
freeman , one of the best cinematic thespians working today , looks suitably embarrassed to be here , but i suppose everyone needs a good paycheck from time - to - time . 
from that moment on , it 's all downhill . 
because there are n't any real characters and the plot only occasionally makes sense . 
basically , hard rain is one extended , dull chase sequence punctuated by occasional shoot - outs . 
because there are n't any real characters and the plot only occasionally makes sense . 
christian slater utters a few lame one - liners and does a lot of mugging for the camera . 
this , like the instance i mentioned in the first paragraph of this review , is a horrid insult to our intelligence . 
he fails to project any shred of credibility or real feeling . 
this is one example ( there are actually some more in instinct alone ) of filmmakers insulting the audience 's intelligence . 
on the other hand is dreadful . 
but the kind that brings vomit up your esophagus 
it is the ultimate sign of futility when a screenwriter ( the very experienced gerald di pego ) has to resort to literally telling the audience a movie 's story . 
theo caulder is the most blatantly incompetent psychiatrist i have ever seen , on screen or off . 
is certainly something i could sympathize with . however this movie 's execution is completely unacceptable . 
a stranger among us , 1992 rip - off of peter weir 's witness , belongs to the latter category . 
even the lame and unispiring crime mystery subplot works to the certain extent . 
a stranger among us , 1992 rip - off of peter weir 's witness , belongs to the latter category . 
that is the only thing that prevents it from turning into total waste of time . 
to viewer 's audience is terrible miscasting of melanie griffith . 
but , in the same time , almost any of such pearls is followed by stinkers 
but the worst insult 
this effort is utterly limp and lifeless . 
the story itself is ludicrous and uninteresting and so are its elements . 
at once ridiculous , boring , narrow - sighted and pointless , this is one movie that should be -- and will be -- quickly forgotten . 
tim roth plays 1900 with about as much panache as a fig leaf ; there 's no spirit , no gusto to the character . 
the legend of 1900s is the year 's most absurd movie , a rambling , nonsensical piece of seafaring garbage that goes nowhere fast 
at once ridiculous , boring , narrow - sighted and pointless , this is one movie that should be -- and will be -- quickly forgotten . 
1900 comes off as a whiny , brooding , extremely unlikable man : i ca n't recall a single word he said that was not some sort of depressing pseudo- meditation on life . 
there is n't anything in this movie with the potential to compel . 
after a series of missed opportunities , the comedic part of the movie is over , and it turns into a cheap and maudlin disease movie . 
as lamely directed by michael lehmann , the picture tries to be a comedy by using and reusing every giant joke in the book . 
my giant runs too long even at just 1 : 37 . 
my giant is two movies for the price of one , but neither is worth the cost of admission , even if you get in free . 
he does , however , have a propensity for choosing hopeless material 
it contains one of the most putrid and lengthy vomiting scenes ever . ) 
languidly paced throughout , the movie becomes increasingly lugubrious 
other than a few nice visuals , there 's nothing to recommend the picture . 
the most charitable thing that could be said about it is that it is so ineffectual that people will probably forget 
jeffrey complained particularly about how gross the movie was . 
languidly paced throughout , the movie becomes increasingly lugubrious 
it 's intended as a sort of hard day 's night , but ends up simply hard to watch . 
a thankless role of the band 's manager , clifford . 
they are deadly boring . 
non - fans should know to stay well away from this one . 
the action , however , seems more like a hodgepodge of mismatched ideas . 
the film itself does n't really have a plot . 
their songs are alright , but they play like lifeless adaptations of the music videos . 
not only do we get the usual tired sports chestnuts , but the banal rich girl - poor boy love story is tossed in for good measure . 
every pitch is predictable . a blind umpire could call this movie . 
tenley , a name only a hack screenwriter could invent , is unlike her snobbish counterparts and falls for ryan . if you ca n't figure out where all this nonsense leads , then you need a remedial course in film viewing . 
as always prinze is pretty to look at , but his performance mainly consists of facial expressions : puppy dog love , heartbreak , frustration , self - loathing or determination . 
the screenplay by kevin falls and john gatins , based on a story by falls , merely lobs 
an original moment in this loser is as rare 
the movie never delivers . 
it 's also really sad to see the talents of the cast go to waste , because it ' s evident that they 're all trying really hard to squeeze some life out of this dead turkey of a movie 
it 's a waste of time and money . 
then again , " maximum overdrive " had an awesome soundtrack ( me being the big ac / dc fan that i am ) , but is probably one of the worst movies of all time . 
" detroit rock city " is one of those films that you walk out of after the credits have rolled and realize that you just spent 90 minutes watching a movie in which absolutely nothing happened to justify the film 's existence , and it 's not a very satisfying realization . 
we get an endless parade of quick - cuts , split - screens , zoom - outs , zoom - ins , and rotating cameras , all in an effort to cover up the sheer stupidity of the script . 
it becomes disorienting . 
it 's also really sad to see the talents of the cast go to waste , because it ' s evident that they 're all trying really hard to squeeze some life out of this dead turkey of a movie 
a plotless , pointless rock n ' roll movie can be fun , if the jokes and gags are actually funny . 
you 've got to marvel at how the filmmakers managed to come up with a movie that is truly about nothing . 
the rest of the movie just seems like they just threw a bunch of vulgar stuff up on screen and called it " comedy . 
we get an endless parade of quick - cuts , split - screens , zoom - outs , zoom - ins , and rotating cameras , all in an effort to cover up the sheer stupidity of the script . 
too bad , they might have provided some energy to this mess . 
" there is no set - up , just a succession of punchlines that do n't provide for much in the way of chuckles , precisely because there was no set - up . 
see ? funny ! 
in fact , the music is the only thing that keeps this movie from being a complete failure in my mind . 
" detroit rock city " is one of those films that you walk out of after the credits have rolled and realize that you just spent 90 minutes watching a movie in which absolutely nothing happened to justify the film 's existence , and it 's not a very satisfying realization . 
yes , go rent that , and skip " detroit rock city , " which will probably bomb , and deservedly so . 
these days , it 's usually a bellowing fanfare that threatens to smother every scene in its path . 
unfortunately , the current trend is to " overscore . 
even the lion hunts themselves are idiotic . 
the camera , by the way , sometimes behaves so stupidly 
" get new jobs ! 
the movie has n't got the wherewithal to even begin to exploit such ideas ; it 's just trying to find convenient ways to stall us . 
the acting is forgettable . 
no such luck . 
what it delivered was mystery science theater 3000-level material -- an inadvertently hilarious story that made me scream advice at the characters . 
whatever neat mesh the screenwriter wanted to create between the two stories failed miserably . aside from being asked to accept michael mcglone as a mafioso ( an insult if you ask me ) the performances were pretty good . 
but right in the middle of the film , they throw in a completely un - related plot point . 
too much else is lacking . 
one tough cop is n't laughable , nor is it a terrible film , but it just is n't unique . 
this film offers nothing new . 
the problem is that there is n't much of a story even though it does . 
the acting is not too bad except the characters are all so thin 
i 've seen more original stuff on the wb . and better stuff too . 
picture perfect also makes the mistake of being _ 
_ too long at 100 minutes , and expecting us to like aniston 's character , who comes off as a cold , spoiled bitch . 
" trumpet of the swan " features flat background art , some poor sound syncing and insipid , sugary songs . 
" trumpet of the swan " features flat background art , some poor sound syncing and insipid , sugary songs . 
" trumpet of the swan , " directed by richard rich ( 1999 's animated " the king and i , " the " swan princess " series ) , is unlikely to be remembered along with those two . 
unfortunately , his men with guns is not the film anyone was hoping for 
but the film talks down to the viewer . 
unfortunately , his men with guns is not the film anyone was hoping for 
then the film does exactly what it promised , a painful as that is . 
i think i 'd rather stare at a xeroxed envelope for two hours than try to figure out the tilt - o - whirl point of this loser film 
but do not drop a limp u - turn out of your pocket and expect us to accept it as " an oliver stone movie , " and not question why it stinks like week - old snook 
this was as wrong as you can get without going to jail . 
plot twists are one thing , repetition is almost unforgivable , and this is dang near as unforgivable as any movie 
a group toe - stub . 
but , ollie , old sage , do not take a good story and a hot cast and make one of the most pointless and worthless films of the decade . 
this mess of a film . 
okay , he 's working from a book , so maybe ollie 's not totally to blame for blatantly copping these ideas . 
roger christian , the director of this lumbering beast , must have rented dune , blade runner , planet of the apes , independence day , stargate , beastmaster , the airwolf episodes , the ` v ' miniseries , the matrix , and the omega man . . . and decided to steal every scene he could for battlefield earth . 
the whole mess concludes with a big , loud , obnoxious gun - and - plane battle that had me praying for the end credits . 
travolta 's acting has n't been this bad since the experts or maybe perfect . 
roger christian , the director of this lumbering beast , must have rented dune , blade runner , planet of the apes , independence day , stargate , beastmaster , the airwolf episodes , the ` v ' miniseries , the matrix , and the omega man . . . and decided to steal every scene he could for battlefield earth . 
a science - fiction opus starring the barbarino of the actors guild , battlefield earth should be shown only at maximum - security prisons when a prisoner is tossed in solitary for bad behavior . 
fails at achieving even one of these attributes . 
to wit , we present the disaster that is battlefield earth . 
none of the stereotypes is successful except for walken ; azaria comes off as a preening queen when he 's supposed to be macho . 
julia overcame a lot of spiteful writing and acting to make my best friend 's wedding into a winning film , but not even that 90-tooth smile can save her here . 
i could drone on about how america 's sweethearts will only appeal to the mouth - breathing morons who talk on their cell phones during the movies , but that would get old . 
obviously aware of the ugliness 
instead , i 'll settle for discussing the movie 's worst sin : that sweethearts is painfully contrived and wholly unbelievable , not just in its plot but in its sentiment . 
it 's not a funny one . 
, america 's sweethearts ' jokes are n't funny , its pace is choppy , and the whole affair comes off as a vanity project -- not for headlining star julia roberts -- but for billy crystal to deliver a bunch of lame punch lines that he wrote himself . 
, america 's sweethearts ' jokes are n't funny , its pace is choppy , and the whole affair comes off as a vanity project -- not for headlining star julia roberts -- but for billy crystal to deliver a bunch of lame punch lines that he wrote himself . 
christian duguay 's direction is also not that great . 
the ending finale is so worthless and pitiful , that it even tries to mock " the matrix " , laughably funny , it is undeniably stupid . 
his placing of the characters , and the assination of the chinese ambassador , and the plotting of the movie are so predictable and laughable , that it just takes all the fun out of the entire movie . 
it is a pointless movie , and makes absolutely no sense at all . 
he has had his typical action movies , " boiling point " , " passenger 57 " , but his new movie " the art of war " should just be called " rising sun 2 : the art of war " cause basically it 's a semi - remake of the same plot , with a different cast , and forced to be a ridiculously unbelievable thriller , that is high on style and low on substance . 
he has had his typical action movies , " boiling point " , " passenger 57 " , but his new movie " the art of war " should just be called " rising sun 2 : the art of war " cause basically it 's a semi - remake of the same plot , with a different cast , and forced to be a ridiculously unbelievable thriller , that is high on style and low on substance . 
all ruin this movie . 
even the whole " matrix " ending was n't even good . 
his camera angles and sense of style are all in place , but sadly his lighting and editing are all badly done . 
the stunts and action are badly filmed , and badly choreographed . 
all this leads to a finale that is so dumb , and so stupid that is it unbelievably dumb , and the stunts , dialogue and acting 
so for an overall opinion : " the art of war " is a total waste of time . 
she is sour , downbeat , and dreadfully dull with her forced dialogue , and dumb moves . 
the only real ' good ' thing the movie has is action , and plenty of it , but i noticed it is badly filmed , the camera is so shaky you can not even tell what is going on . 
even donald sutherland as a co - star ca n't save this movie from being a bust . 
it is a pointless movie , and makes absolutely no sense at all . 
she is sour , downbeat , and dreadfully dull with her forced dialogue , and dumb moves . 
, turns in a horrible job here . 
the ending finale is so worthless and pitiful , that it even tries to mock " the matrix " , laughably funny , it is undeniably stupid . 
it 's not entertaining , nor exciting , or even action packed . 
kyle maclachlan must have been promised a big pay - day or his standards have dipped since appearing in " blue velvet " . 
this picture was so bad 
the predictable storyline revolves around nomi streaking into las vegas to make it big as a dancer . 
this sub - plot goes absolutely nowhere except maybe to deliver an unsubtle hint that fornicators should practice birth control . 
ultimately , this movie is as tiresome 
" showgirls " is too stupid to make a statement . 
the same team who created a good sex - film in 1992 ( " basic instinct " ) struck out here with their occasional violence , gratuitous x - rated sex scenes , and numerous ( and quite unnecessary ) 
instead , this project may have sunk his career . 
the same team who created a good sex - film in 1992 ( " basic instinct " ) struck out here with their occasional violence , gratuitous x - rated sex scenes , and numerous ( and quite unnecessary ) 
the plot in mr . nice guy is negligible 
however , mr . nice guy lacks the sparkle of jackie 's best efforts , and its weaknesses are more glaring than ever . 
however , mr . nice guy lacks the sparkle of jackie 's best efforts , and its weaknesses are more glaring than ever . 
either this is a nod to the six - million dollar man , or a pathetic attempt to disguise the fact that jackie may be slowing down . if you 've seen all of jackie 's films and are in need of another fix , go ahead and see mr . 
the film 's gratuitous use of slow motion is distracting . 
strangely , many of the characters speaking english are overdubbed with english , and poorly too . whether this is just a very bad case of looping , an effort to minimize accents , or a simple case of nostalgia , it does achieve the same level of distraction present in all of jackie 's dubbed films . 
a weak plot , terrible dialogue , very little acting ability , but some jaw - dropping action sequences that nearly make the rest of it worthwhile . 
strangely , many of the characters speaking english are overdubbed with english , and poorly too . whether this is just a very bad case of looping , an effort to minimize accents , or a simple case of nostalgia , it does achieve the same level of distraction present in all of jackie 's dubbed films . 
" this is so f * * * ing stupid . 
director david fincher ( seven ) has completely gone over the edge . with crude humor , an intolerable script and 2 hours and 19 minutes of pure torture , 
unfortunately by then , the film hits rock bottom . 
fincher will hopefully regret making this film or at least learn a lesson . 
helena bonham carter however really had no purpose . 
i 'm surprised i did n't walk out 
it 's not even worth mentioning . 
though the conclusion kept my interest for a mere 5 minutes , it backs down again and continues to move at a snails pace 
it just shows how desperate the script is for attention . 
even with two good actors , and a solid actress , they only manage to weaken the story . 
how do they come up with this stuff ? 
director david fincher ( seven ) has completely gone over the edge . with crude humor , an intolerable script and 2 hours and 19 minutes of pure torture , 
, made me disgusted at his 20 million fee . 
this movie desperately wants to get mentioned in the same breath as the coen brothers , but home fries ' brand of laboured hipness would be foreign to geniuses like ethan and joel . 
but the plot and the situations are so off - putting that nothing could save it . 
it 's raising arizona without babies , without charm , without laughs , without human characters , and without intelligence ; worst of all , it 's creepy . 
it 's raising arizona without babies , without charm , without laughs , without human characters , and without intelligence ; worst of all , it 's creepy . 
what writer stephen peters does not grasp is this becomes tediously uninvolving , almost unbearable , if those who inhibit this twisted world are not interesting , do n't feel real or we do n't care for them . 
there 's not one redeeming quality in the picture that is not technical . 
" wild things " could be classified as a black comedy , a sultry film noir or a plain ol' erotic thriller , but the one category it does n't qualify for is that of a quality motion picture . overacted , overwrought and overlong , " wild things " is a confused mess , a movie that wants to have its cake and eat it too . 
with its incalculable twists , turns , more twists and more turns , it soon becomes a tedious exercise in pointlessness . 
and in what has to be one of the most flabbergastingly inept scenes that has graced this country , kevin bacon 's member makes a cameo appearance with ten minutes to go . 
a sexless , badly edited , poorly lit menage - a - trois . 
" wild things " could be classified as a black comedy , a sultry film noir or a plain ol' erotic thriller , but the one category it does n't qualify for is that of a quality motion picture . overacted , overwrought and overlong , " wild things " is a confused mess , a movie that wants to have its cake and eat it too . 
this is the sort of male - bonding foreign to bay or his producer , jerry bruckheimer , who throw too many characters into the mix and expect we 'll care about them on the grounds that the world is about to end . 
this is the sort of male - bonding foreign to bay or his producer , jerry bruckheimer , who throw too many characters into the mix and expect we 'll care about them on the grounds that the world is about to end . 
willis has barely a chance to come alive ; ditto for affleck . 
but at almost two - and - a - half hours , i could not believe how little actually happened over the course of the story . 
deep impact tries to disguise itself as a human drama , with endless filler comprised of disaster prevention plans the country keeps taking . 
then we get to see the plan in action , in some sequence utterly lacking suspense . 
like all good things here , he 's dispatched too soon and without much imagination . 
in fact , miramax subsidiary dimension films was so fearful of the critical reaction to this picture that reviewers were shut out of advance screenings . 
the producers of this crow were either too dim to realize their story was doomed to be a hollow rehash , or too cynical to figure their audience would know the difference . 
of course , it does n't . 
the quick , nonsensical cutting that ensues is reminiscent of a low budget kung fu movie . 
more than anything i 've seen from hollywood lately , city of angels smacks baldly of product -- it 's a movie with a lousy script but a great look . 
kirshner , so beguiling in exotica , is here an exquisitely photographed blank . 
in the meantime , we 're subjected to tedious glimpses of judah 's compound , where bondage is the order of the day and hot wax is poured over naked bodies in s&m fantasies that would seem shy of the cutting edge even if they were n't distinctly secondhand . 
the irony of this statement will not be lost on audience members who have not yet walked out , fallen asleep , or otherwise given up on this pathetic attempt at romantic comedy . 
scenes do not connect to each other and it often seems to be attempting some sort of surrealism , but this is handled so poorly that everything comes off random and stupid instead . 
the costume epic idea gives him a reason to appear in a different ridiculous outfit everytime he 's on screen , the porn angle exists just so there can be a couple of stupid sex jokes . 
the supporting characters are remarkably flat , and insultingly ridiculous as well . 
the supporting characters are remarkably flat , and insultingly ridiculous as well . 
this is an unquestionable disaster . 
filled with characters , motivation , plot and dialogue that ring fake and shallow at every step 
it 's stylish in a hugely self conscious way which throws in split screen , a pointless parody of " cops , " characters walking into the flashbacks of other characters , and a hilariously cheesy airport meeting between prinze and stiles where all the extras move in fast motion while the couple moves in extreme slow motion . 
these characters are so insipid only the most forgiving viewer would be manipulated by these weak scenes . 
writer / director kris isacsson has simply given them material so weak not even seasoned pros could pull it off . 
scenes do not connect to each other and it often seems to be attempting some sort of surrealism , but this is handled so poorly that everything comes off random and stupid instead . 
most of it is about as erotic as open - heart surgery , since it involves such goodies as hot candlewax ( always the kink of choice among screenwriters who do n't know the first thing about * really * kinky sex ) and smashed light bulbs . 
what 's worse is that body of evidence is dull * everywhere * , not just in the sex scenes . 
madonna ( first warning sign ) stars in body of evidence as a woman who has piles of money and no apparent job 
the thriller business itself is ridiculous 
do n't ask . 
the director is uli edel , all the more disappointing since he also directed the elegiac and powerful last exit to brooklyn and christiane f . 
for better or worse , the appearance of basic instinct in the movie marketplace gave the greenlight to a whole slew of overheated , oversexed , underwritten thrillers . 
it 's leftovers . 
really , really stupid . 
another thing that people are starting to realize about explicit sex in movies is that unless it is critically important to the story , it 's insanely dull . 
what 's worse is that the movie confirms all the above , and wallows in them as well . 
this movie leave no scummy stone unturned . ) 
-- is one of those endings where you can almost see the exact * frame * where one of the five or six various endings to this mess was spliced in . 
what i was in for was a disappointing and overlong film which was anything but the best picture of 1995 . 
this drags down any emotional connection to the film 's plot , and turns three hours into a total waste of time . 
gibson portrays wallace in such a way that the audience can not relate to him or identify with him . 
what drags braveheart down is its screenplay . 
horner 's score tries to make emotional connection , but the performances and the script do not help . 
this drags down any emotional connection to the film 's plot , and turns three hours into a total waste of time . 
but this does not save a misguided script . 
it is a shame that such an excellent score is part of such a terrible film . 
it is a shame that such an excellent score is part of such a terrible film . 
the historical spartacus at one point moved from liberating slaves to sacking roman cities ; the film spartacus , like braveheart , has high production values and competent performaces and is dragged down by an awful screenplay . 
though one intellectually realizes wallace is on the right side , the film paints an unconvincing emotional portait , in which wallace is just not as bad as the english king . 
james spader 's acting technique can be described as ' wooden deadpan ' while keanu reeves maintains his perpetually monotone ' dude ' persona which sometimes works , sometimes does n't . 
susan granger 's review of " the watcher " ( universal ) just what we need : another lurid , trashy serial killer saga . 
the real torture is watching it . 
" after that , it 's all sound effects and tricky camera - work , along with a muddled , discordant soundtrack . 
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " the watcher " is an appallingly awful , amateurish 2 . 
is not funny . 
the jokes are drawn from obvious sources and the resulting humor is banal and uninspired . 
it is an extraordinarily ordinary romance - a dull , unattractive teen comedy that sticks to the boring game plan that we 're accustomed to . 
no such luck with ` down to you ' . 
needy ' families ( with the assistance of a fully - armed swat team , of course ) . when this is the highlight reel , you know the remaining film could leave something to be desired . 
and at the end of the whole clich ? d ordeal , 
this is the kind of romance that only giggly 12-year old girls will find convincing . 
perhaps worst of all , ` down to you ' 
it is an extraordinarily ordinary romance - a dull , unattractive teen comedy that sticks to the boring game plan that we 're accustomed to . 
it is an extraordinarily ordinary romance - a dull , unattractive teen comedy that sticks to the boring game plan that we 're accustomed to . 
as a feature film , however , the finished product is bland and tasteless fluff with only an occasional whiff of cuteness to keep the gears from stopping entirely . 
it is not the worst of its type , but it is far from one of the best , and when exactly are studios going to give up recycling such shameless and overdone plot gimmicks 
it sinks under the weight of the water that the film was shot on . 
the film sticks so close to the worn - out conventions of the " creature " genre that it is amazing anyone would spend the money and time filming it when they could be making an original film . 
although the technical artistry is fairly impressive to bring the mechanical creature to life , the film itself does n't appear to have a brain in its head . 
" virus " is the type of cliched , vacuous film that has been recylcled so many times before that you wonder why anyone would even bother putting work into making it . 
it is not the worst of its type , but it is far from one of the best , and when exactly are studios going to give up recycling such shameless and overdone plot gimmicks 
the film sticks so close to the worn - out conventions of the " creature " genre that it is amazing anyone would spend the money and time filming it when they could be making an original film . 
this results in a significant amount of parody , which contrasts sharply with the threat of the monster , and ends up just producing a mess . 
with an intelligently written screenplay , godzilla could have been so much more . however , by confusing the viewer with a ton of add - ins and parodies , the movie ends up being something that just does n't work . 
casting must have been asleep on this one . 
with an intelligently written screenplay , godzilla could have been so much more . however , by confusing the viewer with a ton of add - ins and parodies , the movie ends up being something that just does n't work . 
what really annoyed me was maria pitillo , who actually takes the bad script and makes it worse with her acting . 
most of the characters seem to be there for comic relief , and almost none are smart enough for the audience to take seriously . 
broderick is usually a good actor , but in this film he 's weighed down by an unexciting character and an atrocious screenplay which seem to fight against him every step of the way . 
right up there with the lost world , godzilla is one of the biggest disappointments in recent cinematic history . 
hank azaria does what he can , but do n't expect to see development of any of the promise he showed in the birdcage . 
it made me want to gag . 
unfortunately , the same can not be said of the other incongruities . 
like broderick 's , azaria 's character is quite simply lacking in color . 
unfortunately , the film dosen't progress very fast . in fact , it moves like a tortoise with arthritis ( read : very , very s - l - o - w . ) 
also , the performances , apart from douglas , are below par . 
the last thing a thriller should be is boring , and although the film just barely manages to keep your interest thanks to michael douglas , you would n't be missing anything if you decided not to watch a perfect murder . 
with a combination of no tension , drama , or decent characters , a perfect murder is a failure all round , and an incredible disappointment . 
there are a few bright moments , but they are far and few between . 
with a combination of no tension , drama , or decent characters , a perfect murder is a failure all round , and an incredible disappointment . 
before the remake of psycho appears , we 've got to suffer through this remake of an earlier hitchcock film , dial m for murder . 
the last thing a thriller should be is boring , and although the film just barely manages to keep your interest thanks to michael douglas , you would n't be missing anything if you decided not to watch a perfect murder . 
the ending is surprisingly stupid and cliched . 
as usual , hollywood has filled it with glitz and big name stars , and it all amounts to a loud sounding nothing . 
the lighting is also interesting . however , looks ca n't save this film from the depths of mediocre , and the film seemed to work better in a single set anyway . 
the execution and style is different , which makes this film mediocre piece of entertainment at best 
. useless , gratuitous erotica also does n't help 
signy coleman as dietz 's love interest , is , on the other hand , quite miscast . 
either , obviously making this film longer than it should be . 
edward burns makes a misstep by casting himself in the crucial role as the egomaniacal old flame . 
and in no looking back , he stumbles , making a slow , boring film without the spark that enlivened his previous work . 
unfortunately , it seems much much longer . 
the storyline is simple and uninspired , and there 's a lack of energy to the whole proceedings , which makes the entire drama rather tedious 
there 's no zest in any aspect of the film , and no reason to spend ninety minutes watching it . 
there 's no zest in any aspect of the film , and no reason to spend ninety minutes watching it . 
there 's not much to recommend in no looking back . 
the storyline is simple and uninspired , and there 's a lack of energy to the whole proceedings , which makes the entire drama rather tedious 
there 's no one to restrain his ego , which reigns unchecked . 
it 's simply boring 
the storyline is simple and uninspired , and there 's a lack of energy to the whole proceedings , which makes the entire drama rather tedious 
note - keep this movie off of your resumes . 
the biggest shame to fall on his shoulders is his newest film , nutty professor ii : the klumps . 
the characterization of sherman 's family , the klumps , is one of the most ignorant stereotypes of a black family i have ever seen in cinema . 
its also a damn shame that the makeup magic of rick baker -- who worked on the original nutty professor and won an academy award for his work on an american werewolf in london -- and amazing digital special effects that enabled murphy to interact with himself in such beautiful motions are built around such a lame story line . 
its script was handled by not one but five screenwriters , and it really shows during the awkward transitions between scenes . 
the movie finally dissolves into a really bad hallmark family special about realizing who you are and what you can be in this world -- with enough soft lighting and people on the verge of tears in every scene . 
but the main problem with the film is its inability to create any type of convincing conversational or situational comedy . 
the worst thing about this film has to be all the money that it will make . 
the sequel does the reverse and drives the negatives of the klumps right in to the hilt , making the first five minutes of their interaction enjoyable and the last 55 or so unbearable and pathetic . 
any sense of story and plot were lost in the rewrite process . 
it 's more discerning to learn that chris weitz and paul weitz , the team behind one of the funniest films of the last decade , american pie , have their names stamped to this trash . 
the sequel does the reverse and drives the negatives of the klumps right in to the hilt , making the first five minutes of their interaction enjoyable and the last 55 or so unbearable and pathetic . 
the klumps is a failure . 
the problem is that de palma does n't have a strong story or characters to work with . 
however , the film does n't keep the mystery for long , and once the big ' secret ' is out concerning kevin dunne , the film is at a dead end . 
the most depressing aspect of the film is that it had potential . 
sadly , he forget to bring a good story and believable characters . 
they are boring , faceless , and completely unlikeable . 
there 's a good story buried in snake eyes , it 's just bogged down in razzle dazzle and flashbacks . 
while the performances are intriguing , especially by newcomer carla gugino as a sexy ' number cruncher ' wrapped up in the case , there 's no way of altering the fact that snake eyes is a terminal case of style of substance , and unless you 're a big fan of either cage or flash directing , should be avoided . 
, another problem with the film is that there 's no - one to root for . 
the problem is that de palma does n't have a strong story or characters to work with . 
although there are some fantastic shots by de palma , including a 15 minute steadicam shot at the start of the film , halfway through the film drops dead . 
the script is lousy and contrived , the characters flat and two dimensional . 
the film 's use of flashback quickly gets boring . 
nic cage and gary sinise try to inject some life into some poorly realised characters , but it 's no use . 
he tries to offshoot this with flashy camera techniques , but pretty soon this has no effect on the audience , and i quickly got bored . 
not unless you want to see four uninteresting college kids run around in circles for about 90 minutes . 
this movie boils down to a mindless slashfest that never conjures up any amount of wry wit or even a quirky campiness . 
there is n't even any suspense that leads up to the deaths . 
lucas was wise to start his star wars trilogy with episode 4 : episode 1 is a boring , empty spectacle that features some nice special effects . 
hold no presence on film , and give little for the audience to root for . 
although his floppy features will no doubt be great for stuffed toys , the lines and actions he is given are painfully unfunny . 
the two leads are hideously boring , static characters given little to do and too much time to do it . 
mcgregor comes across as a posh mothers boy , with little charm . 
disappointing is barely the word . rating= 
the music is meandering , except near the end . 
anakin is annoying and unlikeable . , instead of cute and huggable as lucas no doubt intended . 
natalie portman is plagued by hideous costumes and a poor script , but she delivers a spunky performance . and jake lloyd looks at everyone with hateful eyes and delivers his lines in a bored voice . 
star wars is largely a failure in all the major areas of filmmaking 
the trade confederation plot is just not as exciting as the death star , and as the film goes on the drama becomes more and more non - existent 
the script is boring 
the effects are nice , but dull . 
it moves at a plod . 
the script desperately tries to make an thin and boring story into a two hour epic . 
there 's very little talent 
the continuity department was obviously asleep ( along with the viewers ) when watching this film . 
thankfully , for my sanity , i also saw the film warlock , which undid all the ill effects that i got from this film . 
the lines the actresses come out with are completely horrible . 
in the acting department , the only thing i can say is two thumbs squared and one head down . 
the film is so pathetically predictable that every moment has already been figured out , analyzed , and discarded before it happens . 
i 'm sorry folks but this is completely unnecessary , ridiculous , and hurts the story 
the incompetence behind the film makes it incredibly funny , and so the viewer can get some enjoyment ( ? ! ! ? ) from the film . 
the story for this film is completely ridiculous and has many elements from many cheapo low budget horror flicks . 
they seemed to have lost that ability . 
however , this does n't make it worth the rental fee of over a penny 
any good moments that this film fails to make are even more destroyed by the story line . 
the script for this film is completely pathetic . 
the killing scenes are so obviously faked that they go to the point of threatening the viewer 's intelligence . 
the story for this film is completely ridiculous and has many elements from many cheapo low budget horror flicks . 
however the difference here is that this one joke just is n't very funny . 
the first film produced by adam sandler 's happy madison production company ( clever title eh ? ) is essentially a one joke movie , much like the movies sandler stars in himself . 
deuce goes on numerous " dates " , and each woman he goes out with has a " humorous " quirk about herself . 
the film ( which opened in canada during 1992 but was never released in the united states ) is based on a 1988 stage play by canadian auteur robert lapage , and , while it 's evident that this could be a fascinating live production , the translation to the screen is a creative disaster . 
it 's not an inherently uninteresting way to present a movie ( despite the valid complaint that it is pretentious , all - but - screaming , " look ! art ! " ) , although it keeps the audience distanced from the characters . 
the tone is soporific , the supposedly - intellectual prattle is inane and uninteresting , 
they 're not real , sympathetic , or believable . 
for everyone else , it 's not only a waste of time , but a poor introduction to the work of robert lapage . 
the only people likely to enjoy tectonic plates are those who feel a strong need to praise something this rootless and boring 
enduring tectonic plates is like sitting through a filmed version of performance art -- lifeless and tedious . 
for everyone else , it 's not only a waste of time , but a poor introduction to the work of robert lapage . 
however , as interesting as the film sounds ( and i was excited to see it because the synopsis is promising ) , it never really delivers . 
the tone is soporific , the supposedly - intellectual prattle is inane and uninteresting , 
i 'm willing to give director peter mettler credit for trying something different , but this particular experiment is not a success . 
tectonic plates is an incredibly painful motion picture experience that nearly prompted me to walk out 20 minutes into the movie . 
a pointless and irritating manner 
well , i ignored rules 3 & 4 last night , and sat through a film that should be in the golden turkey awards . 
z . avoid like the plague , unless you 're looking for inadvertent yuks . 
any film where siff associate director gary tucker refers to the lead as " old pouty - lips " is probably not worth watching . 4 ) when an australian film only awards credit is best cinematography , watch out ! 
in light of the impending sequel , which apparently plays fast and loose with the ending of this movie , i will not talk about the ending -- except to say that they found a remarkably good ending for such a drab movie . 
the weakest and least engaging of the alien movies , dragged down by an uninvolving story and no real tension . 
alien 3 ( the " 3 " should be in superscript ) is a sad and wan entry in what was shaping up as one of the best sf sagas ever put on screen . 
every cheap cinematic form of cheating imaginable : loud music , shaky camerawork , etc . sigourney weaver has become comfortable with the role , and she does well with it , but this time the role has been underwritten and left slack . 
the weakest and least engaging of the alien movies , dragged down by an uninvolving story and no real tension . 
it 's so elegaic and limp . 
every cheap cinematic form of cheating imaginable : loud music , shaky camerawork , etc . sigourney weaver has become comfortable with the role , and she does well with it , but this time the role has been underwritten and left slack . 
it just sinks when the end credits role . 
what is considerably noticeable is the gaping plot holes , and lack of character development . 
the cast is decent however , brendan fraser seems to be enjoying himself in the role as stu miley , but becomes awfully annoying when monkey bone takes over his body . 
it 's own however , since " monkey bone " is not only a bad movie all together 
, her performance is bad and she seems miscast . 
a tragic waste of talent and incredible visual effects . 
for those curious however , it might be worth the rental , but other than that avoid this one . 
it 's too bad really , " monkey bone " could have been a real good movie , but with it 's heavily done hack job , and lack of character development 
bridget fonda is dreary and seems to bring the film to a screeching halt 
bridget fonda is dreary and seems to bring the film to a screeching halt 
what is considerably noticeable is the gaping plot holes , and lack of character development . 
not well made and should have been put down before production got off the ground . 
although this movie does not come anywhere close to the strangeness of former , it is still a long way from anything considered desirable . 
the problem with such mixed genes is that the final product is a real mongrel ? 
besides having almost no dialogue , his character appears stunted , zombie - like which is in line with his screen persona , but scores little points of empathy with the audience . 
besides this , the action is mediocre when compared to the standard action flicks of this day and age . 
the fight scenes between jason scott lee and kurt russell seem laboured , slow and sluggish , and could have done with better choreography . 
the film could never get to the core of what makes the pimp think in such a perverted way as he does , as the filmmakers were taking for a ride by the pimps , who were looking only to pose in front of the camera and say their thing , hungry for their 15-minutes of fame . 
it makes for a film with no surprises or nothing fresh to say , but if one has a sense a humor for what their lifestyle is about , then some of what they rap about might seem amusing . 
the only laughs i got out of this bleak look at an american subculture , was hearing how a few pimps retired and what they are now up to . 
it is also failed to get the women 's side to this story of abuse , primarily taking the pimp at his word . 
but what 's funny about a paraplegic girlfriend who gets turned on by having her legs caned or a skateboarding injury that results in an exposed kneecap ? a baby delivery bit shows some groan - inducing promise until enough blood is splattered to coagulate the laughs . 
confirm one 's worst fears regarding the film 's title and green 's infamous ' handling ' of a real horse , while not nearly as shocking as it would seem , does n't make sense . 
by the time he repeats the gag with an elephant at film 's end , the overall effect is numbness . 
while " freddy got fingered " has the admirable end result of depicting the harm in demeaning a child 's self esteem , it 's essentially a whole lot of tom green running around being noisy 
i call it pretentious 
this is comedy so clean and nice and corny and so devoid of danger that it leaves this viewer totally cold . 
just get a real taste of some clever , witty , risky comedy . and banish this nonsense 
the only laughs to escape my belly were brought on by the gloriously inept performance of keanu reeves , the actor once again miscast as a jealous half - brother or something . 
to my sensibilities - and i 'm no stick in the mud - much ado about nothing resonates with no spark whatsoever . 
bah , humbug ! 
in the end , it 's cringeworthy . 
the problem is the script , or more accurately , shakespeare 's original text . 
the scene with grace on portobello road in the notting hill section of london , trying to find a drug dealer , while dressed out of place , in a white dress and hat one would wear to a tea party in cornwall but not on the streets of notting hill while looking to make a drug deal , was completely hokey and the film descended into a huge black hole , whereby it never recovered its dignity . 
things work out in a ridiculous way , where there is a total breakdown in the character development of grace , where this matronly figure suddenly becomes merely a cartoon figure instead of live flesh and blood . 
the story becomes incredulous when grace decides to go to london and score with a big - time drug dealer instead of having matthew go , because she finds out nicky is pregnant and does n't want matthew to end up in jail . 
the scene with grace on portobello road in the notting hill section of london , trying to find a drug dealer , while dressed out of place , in a white dress and hat one would wear to a tea party in cornwall but not on the streets of notting hill while looking to make a drug deal , was completely hokey and the film descended into a huge black hole , whereby it never recovered its dignity . 
the scene with grace on portobello road in the notting hill section of london , trying to find a drug dealer , while dressed out of place , in a white dress and hat one would wear to a tea party in cornwall but not on the streets of notting hill while looking to make a drug deal , was completely hokey and the film descended into a huge black hole , whereby it never recovered its dignity . 
the film is tolerable until after its first hour , it then falls completely apart , becoming just too absurd to consider as anything but 
sitcom fluff gone completely bananas . 
the film is tolerable until after its first hour , it then falls completely apart , becoming just too absurd to consider as anything but 
there are a lot of silly giggles that come forth and the film has just enough of an acting performance by brenda blethyn to breathe air into it before it comes to its belated finale , as it drones on with its transparently gratuitous upbeat tone , until it makes the audience feel good that the sweet old lady succeeded . 
" love to kill " should be praised for trying to do something different with the well worn crime genre , but it 's just too bad that the story does n't really add up to much . 
" love to kill " starts off aimlessly and gets progressively less coherent as time passes . 
but the majority of the film is a convoluted and confusing mess . 
" love to kill " should be praised for trying to do something different with the well worn crime genre , but it 's just too bad that the story does n't really add up to much . 
pepper 's lonely hearts club band was released ( unleashed ? ) to the world , and thanks to our modern technological advances , you can find this retched piece of filmmaking on vhs . derived from the lyrics of various beatles ' songs , sgt . 
in fact , bury this one while you still can . 
the debate over this is really quite futile when it comes down to it , because all the film really has to offer is a feast of horrid cover tunes , embarrassing cameo appearances 
all alone to sing a horrible rendition of 
" what the hell were they thinking ? ? ? " nobody will ever know , but as a novelty , sgt . 
- they 're all here . but why ? ? ? ? who knows . 
much of the blame can be placed on leder directly , because the pace is disastrously off 
this is one of the worst films of the year , and if it is any omen of things to come , this summer could be one of the worst ever . 
in fact , i may even recommend the film for those who want to see how bad effects can actually get these days . 
but while watching deep impact , i began to wonder how anyone in their right mind could actually like this film . 
it 's that boring 
stupid characters 
it 's a shame that nothing else is heartfelt . 
well , it is far from spectacular , and it makes independence day look brilliant . 
morgan freeman has been infinitely better than this , and gives one of his most shallow performances to date ( which is quite remarkable for him ) . 
deep impact does n't just have implausibilities , it also contains cheap human drama , incredibly horrible special effects , and a poorly constructed plot . 
only one of the subplots is remotely interesting , while the rest are forgettable and boring 
this is one of the cheapest ways to ellicit an emotional response from an audience , and i , for one , am not going to be fooled . 
and so , yada yada yada 
well , it 's not . 
what starts out promising soon turns deadly ( for the audience anyway ) . 
much of the blame can be placed on leder directly , because the pace is disastrously off 
the water rushing towards the land is effective , but once it hits the continent , the effects turn ridiculous . 
when the comet does hit the earth , you almost wish it could just take this film along with it . 
cgi water is used , and it looks so bad that i heard more laughs from the audience than shrieks 
but the comet is a huge mistake , making it more laughable than frightening . 
this time , unfortunately , the first comet flick is so bad that people may shy away from armageddon , the upcoming comet - disaster to be released the beginning of july . 
apparently many did , and it utterly baffles me . to be completely honest , i have n't had this little fun watching a disaster film in my entire life . 
maximilian schell is distracting , but he does provide some nice humor . 
vanessa redgrave is barely acknowledgeable , and her performance is only enhanced by her strong presence on screen . 
chock full of cheesy one liners 
leelee sobieski could have been better , but i think she just suffered from a poorly written character . 
screenwriters michael tolkin and bruce joel rubin have crafted a simplistic story that only gets worse with time . 
overall , a very talented cast virtually wasted . 
well , this time leder outdid herself , creating a film worse than that one . 
the manipulative script has her hidden in her own dollhouse . 
the ending , with its sick twists , manages to be even worse than the rest of the movie . 
in a movie that specializes in cheap shots , the camera locates the proverbial young girl trapped in a nearby burning building . 
when the film is n't using some stock footage of actual forest fires , the simulated ones look hokey . 
when , even in the beginning , the director ca n't get the small parts right , you can sense the movie is in trouble . 
our show 's two heroes , the crew 's chief , wynt perkins , played laconically by scott glenn , and his second - in - command , jesse graves , played by howie long in a weak attempt to be the next steven seagal , enter the burning house looking for the little girl . 
i 've gotten a prime candidate for my worst ten of the year list . 
given one ridiculous stunt after another to look silly performing . 
most of the highly predictable movie is a long chase in which poor howie long is 
the low point is when he escapes from a locked burning building by riding a motorcycle conveniently parked inside . 
editor jack hofstra cheapens the action even more by his use of burning flames in scene transitions . 
to sum it up , hackers is a terrible computer film . 
the frivolous suggestions it makes are too many to list . 
to anyone familiar with computers and/or the internet , most of the movie is so incredibly stupid that you ca n't take it anymore . 
" generally ill - informed and ridiculous to the extreme 
my giant is a forced , contrived , and conspicuously un - cute 
crystal is always entertaining , and he has a few good lines here ( some of which are subtle throwaways that many will miss entirely ) ; often , however , he 's countered by a slew of jokes that are n't funny , and cause an involuntary rolling of the eyes . 
my giant , as a comedy , is only moderately funny . 
it 's a complicated , overlong , and under - engaging film that elicits too few laughs and strives for superficial tears . and since it left me feeling completely unmoved , i stand by my position that sentimentality is evil and will ultimately destroy the world . 
it 's icky . it drips with gooey , wannabe human emotions . 
swelling , saddening music is not a good way to tell us that the people in the film are unhappy , and that the situation is hopeless . alas , my giant is a film that uses manipulative sentimentality so frequently and with such high intensity that i forgot as i watched it that there are other ways of getting audience members choked up . 
swelling , saddening music is not a good way to tell us that the people in the film are unhappy , and that the situation is hopeless . alas , my giant is a film that uses manipulative sentimentality so frequently and with such high intensity that i forgot as i watched it that there are other ways of getting audience members choked up . 
swelling , saddening music is not a good way to tell us that the people in the film are unhappy , and that the situation is hopeless . alas , my giant is a film that uses manipulative sentimentality so frequently and with such high intensity that i forgot as i watched it that there are other ways of getting audience members choked up . 
it takes a premise that might have been interesting ( i liked the preview ) , and bogs it down with endless plot turns and cliches , all of which are intended to get some kind of easy emotional rise from the audience . 
all of these disappointing ingredients create a film that , for much of its running time , is simply mediocre . as my giant lumbers to its inevitable conclusion , however , director michael lehmann ( who did a great job directing the underrated hudson hawk ) and scriptwriter david seltzer pile on every cliche imaginable , each one intended specifically to pull at our heartstrings . 
if there 's one thing i just ca n't stand , it 's a film that oozes with sentimentality . 
it did n't work for me . 
muresan is kind of fun to watch , but he just ca n't act very well . quinlan , on the other hand , is a great actress who needs to get a role that shows off her talents . 
all of these disappointing ingredients create a film that , for much of its running time , is simply mediocre . as my giant lumbers to its inevitable conclusion , however , director michael lehmann ( who did a great job directing the underrated hudson hawk ) and scriptwriter david seltzer pile on every cliche imaginable , each one intended specifically to pull at our heartstrings . 
although in one sense it may seem tedious , making a movie about the ugliness of greed ( not box office material ) , it does become tedious , not because of the morale ending , but because one expects the movie to end that way . 
this becomes apparent after the first murder to cover up the crime , the rest of the movie just spirals downward from there . 
when you consider that this film is a part - comedy , that 's not a very good sign . 
the third times not a charm ? plot : james west and artemus gordon are chosen by the president to find the man responsible for the kidnapping of the nation 's top scientists , and threatening to take over the united states within a week . 
when you consider that the other " part " of this film is geared as an action / adventure , i would say that this another negative sign . 
i did not laugh once during this entire picture . 
and when you consider that the first hour of the film was boring and a little slow , the story - line tired , reminiscent of swiss cheese and uninvolving , and the special effects interesting but worth very little inside a plot filled with lame one - liners , weak characterizations and an anti - climactic end , you pretty much have the gist of my impression of this " big " summer blockbuster . 
i also did not tense up or particularly enjoy any of its unenergetic action sequences which provided me with little more than a few minutes time to think back to the lovely salma hayek scenes . 
and when you consider that the first hour of the film was boring and a little slow , the story - line tired , reminiscent of swiss cheese and uninvolving , and the special effects interesting but worth very little inside a plot filled with lame one - liners , weak characterizations and an anti - climactic end , you pretty much have the gist of my impression of this " big " summer blockbuster . 
it blows . 
smith and kline were static at best , the plot full of holes , and the score insignificant and derivative of a dozen others . i would strongly advise anyone not to see this movie . 
but the rest of the movie sucked . 
a bad movie is a bad movie . 
sometimes , like many american tv movies , it creates drama where drama should n't be 
unfortunately , the twilight murders is still routine and formulaic television film , that uses sensationalist real life content in order to cover lack of originality in the script . 
on the other hand , michael gross as his pursuer is quite wooden and his interaction with some of the actors is terrible . 
i was smart enough to inform my parents not to take me to see it . 
supergirl is not a well liked nor a well respected movie in many circles ) , leave it to the good people at anchor bay entertainment to actually make people not only interested , but excited about its release on dvd ! 
i 'm sorry , i can only suspend disbelief so much . i ca n't buy into any of this nonsense just because the movie wants me to . knowing that she needs a secret identity 
supergirl is definitely a terrific dvd package , but a very lousy movie . 
ugh , i give up . 
i slunk back into my seat as the nightmare started 
ok . . . huh ? 
supergirl , a spin - off film of sorts from the series ' same producers ( alexander and ilya salkind ) , does n't even rival superman iii in terms of quality , let alone superman or superman ii . 
then there were numerous little things that bothered me . the flying effects are never convincing for a moment . . . 
hart bochner ( die hard ) is particularly fun as kara 's love interest , a lovesick landscaper who is under a spell cast by selena ( although he is unfortunately part of one of the film 's more ridiculous moments , when he has to be rescued from being tapped by some " menacing " bumper cars ) . 
--- a rapist ( matt frewer ) responds to supergirl 's ( helen slater ) query as to why she 's being attacked , an example of the mind - numbingly bad dialogue in supergirl . 
now despite all this negativity 
ok , coincidence is one thing folks , but we 're getting really contrived now . what follows are some generic all - girls school hijinks . . . 
supergirl lost me from the opening scenes and went steadily downhill for the rest of its two hour plus running time . 
i 'm surprised i even made it to the end of the film not once , not twice , but three times to review these discs . 
i knew the film was n't beloved 
this movie is so awful ) . 
at this point i 'm rapidly wondering why i 'm bothering with this nonsense . 
these kinds of things frustrate the hell out of me . 
it 's still annoying . 
she 's annoying 
the new thx approved audio is loud and clear in all the right places , however you 'll be hearing absurd dialogue and a mediocre jerry goldsmith score 
there is no attempt to develop their relationship , or his character , in any way . 
i 'd tell him to quit while he 's ahead , but in these last two years , he 's ultimately already buried himself . 
add to this wildly convoluted story subplots involving the dead rising and an exorcism , not to mention a spattering of " light - hearted whimsy , " and you have a pretty good idea how messy 
add to this wildly convoluted story subplots involving the dead rising and an exorcism , not to mention a spattering of " light - hearted whimsy , " and you have a pretty good idea how messy 
i was headed for trouble during the opening credits , when i found out the screenplay was written by the deeply hated akiva goldsman , who managed to destroy the " batman " series with " batman forever " and " batman and robin . 
" practical magic , " is a film that is so misguided in so many ways that it makes you wonder how such talented and high - profile actors would even get involved in an embarrassing clap - trap like this one . 
after seeing the film , i reflected that there was not even one scene , or element , that i liked or enjoyed 
and then to top it off , we 've got this dark , but bird - brained story of an evil spirit taking over gillian 's body . whatever . 
i was headed for trouble during the opening credits , when i found out the screenplay was written by the deeply hated akiva goldsman , who managed to destroy the " batman " series with " batman forever " and " batman and robin . 
i disliked that movie quite a bit , but since " practical magic " is even worse , that can only give you a taste of what a talentless filmmaker he is . 
it is a comedy , to be sure , but all of the humor falls astoundingly flat , and the occasional dramatic moments are the least bit touching . 
the characters are handled terribly , and actually , most of the actors do not have the fortune of even getting to be what you could call a character . 
i 'd tell him to quit while he 's ahead , but in these last two years , he 's ultimately already buried himself . 
it is a comedy , to be sure , but all of the humor falls astoundingly flat , and the occasional dramatic moments are the least bit touching . it is not charming or entertaining in any way . 
" practical magic , " is a film that is so misguided in so many ways that it makes you wonder how such talented and high - profile actors would even get involved in an embarrassing clap - trap like this one . 
( boo ! ) . 
although he 's impressed me with his work in other films , depp does n't seem to know what to do with ichabod , and his dialogue is hampered by stilted diction 
i left disappointed . 
the actor who is revealed at the end to be the villain comes off as ridiculously cartoonish . 
the performances are also awful . 
ricci seems to put all her effort into seeming enigmatic , which guarantees that we wo n't sympathize with her character . 
along the same lines , it does n't help that creature designer ( and producer ) kevin 
my reaction : ho - hum 
the plot is an accumulation of cliches without even the slightest touch of originality to make it interesting . 
although he 's impressed me with his work in other films , depp does n't seem to know what to do with ichabod , and his dialogue is hampered by stilted diction 
it 's a collection of every cliche and stereotype of the south ever made , and coming from a yankee like me who dislikes the south that 's really saying something . 
it 's predictable from the first scene , the screenplay is written like a rip - off of a photocopied bootlegged play . 
this is neither scary nor intense because it 's so cliche . 
what 's good about it : aside from keanu reeves giving one of the best performances of his career as the loathable redneck donnie barksdale , there is little else going for the film . 
. sigh , how trite . for a supernatural thriller 
lame , unoriginal screenplay . predictable ending . suspense scenes that are just plain boring . ridicously trite characterization makes the entire south out to be ingnorant , hateful goobers . 
for an established , talented director sam raimi is unable to provide any kind of originality to this film . 
churns out an all - too - familiar spin on a generic brash - mouthed character , and fine character actors george dzundza ( playing colonel burgess and looking ridiculous in the process ) and james cromwell ( patrick 's neglectful father , senator ross ) are utterly wasted in the film . 
much of the film fails to make a whole lot of sense , and there are such gaping plot holes that it 's terribly difficult to contain any suspension of disbelief . 
so here comes species ii , with a new creative team ( director peter medak and screenwriter chris brancato step in for roger donaldson and dennis feldman , respectively ) that fails to improve the series one iota -- like its predecessor , species ii fails to capitalize on a potentially promising kernel and instead runs the gamut from ridiculously silly to unmitigatedly stupid . 
henstridge is actually given the opportunity to act in one scene ( and acquits herself nicely ) , but is mostly relegated to reprising her familiar role of parading about in skimpy clothing ( or none at all ) . 
if the film maintained this sort of light - hearted tone , it would have been much more charming and enjoyable to watch , but , to its detriment , it instead takes its silly plot far too seriously and barrels along to a bloody , effects - ladened anticlimactic conclusion . 
( whatever ) , helpfully tells our alien - hunting protagonists , " he 's going to rape her . 
helgenberger do what they can with this goofy screenplay , 
this is the sort of movie which leaves you holding your head in amazed disbelief , incredulous that it 's being foisted upon the public . 
the implausibilities are endless : what about the toxic bomb in eve 's brain ? 
species ii opens with the mars mission , and the space scenes are remarkably unconvincing and hokey - looking , even splicing back to dated , grainy footage of actual spacecraft activities -- they really skimped on production values this time around . 
and when a psychotically horny patrick accosts a supermarket shopper and drags her kicking and screaming behind the building in a woefully - paced suspense sequence , eve , who 's telepathically linked to her alien / human - hybrid counterpart 
species ii opens with the mars mission , and the space scenes are remarkably unconvincing and hokey - looking , even splicing back to dated , grainy footage of actual spacecraft activities -- they really skimped on production values this time around . 
churns out an all - too - familiar spin on a generic brash - mouthed character , and fine character actors george dzundza ( playing colonel burgess and looking ridiculous in the process ) and james cromwell ( patrick 's neglectful father , senator ross ) are utterly wasted in the film . 
like the first film ( and perhaps in homage to it ) , there 's a real penchant for dialogue which underlines the obvious . 
however , this all looks positively inspired when compared to the first appearance of the evil alien goo which ultimately infests patrick ; watching as it slinks around the command module of the spaceship , any question as to whether or not this is a cheesy b - movie is quickly answered . 
if this film was n't the ' sequel ' to the fugitive , this would probably go straight to video , or not even been made at all , because it 's so average . 
marshals is a pretty lousy movie . 
marshals is an average thriller using it 's association with the fugitive just so it can make a few extra bucks 
tommy lee jones is as fine as ever , although his role is hardly a challenge . 
snipes performance is average , and his character gets surprisingly little screen time ( considering he is the fugitive ) for reasons i 'll explain later . 
even the plane crash is sorely lacking in tension . 
. bored performers and a lackluster plot and script , do not make a good action movie . 
suffers from an overwhelmingly lack of excitement . 
to be honest , i could n't care less if snipe 's character got captured or not . 
while the original was reasonably intelligent , and had a fugitive to root for , the audience feels strangely distanced from snipes fugitive , mainly because we know so little about him until way into the film 's overlong running time . 
while the original was reasonably intelligent , and had a fugitive to root for , the audience feels strangely distanced from snipes fugitive , mainly because we know so little about him until way into the film 's overlong running time . 
, snipes is almost forgotten apart , and hardly features in the movie . 
marshals falls flat on it 's face . it does n't fare any better plot - wise , either . 
nobody looks as if their having a good time , and all the performers are on autopilot . 
the sense of deja vu was overwhelming . 
just ai n't fun 
stuart baird , the director , is all right , but there 's no particular scene that stands out 
i know it 's the same role from the fugitive , but there is seemingly no attempt to develop his character from the last film . 
one of the contributors to the destruction of the batman film franchise chris o'donnell stars in this remake of buster keaton 's 1925 silent film seven chances . 
something happens though during the film 's final act that caused me to sharply drop the rating 
so that was bad enough to be cut , but the other 30 minutes of bride shenanigans was good ? ugh . 
i 'm still groaning . 
my groans of disgust could be heard for miles . 
now i 've never seen seven chances , as i 'm more of a chaplin fan than a keaton fan , but i seriously doubt that the classic version could be as insipid as this . 
some may argue that the movie has a message , but all that came across to me is that i could probably get more entertainment watching that informercial with the guy in the question mark coat . 
more like holy crap . 
murphy lends nothing to his character and poor goldblum looks as if he 'd rather be someplace else . 
it does n't take long for the movie to unfold into sappy mush , with realizations taking place left and right and poor plot points . 
it does n't take long for the movie to unfold into sappy mush , with realizations taking place left and right and poor plot points . 
the movie lacks what the original did as well : purpose 
what the hell has happened to all good american action movies ? 
too bad get carter returns stallone to action , but with the shiny paint rusted off on the edges . 
throughout the film , stallone looks like an old guy trying to act tough , while nobody is taking him seriously . his one - liners fall flat , and he seems tired and uncertain of all the actions , mental and physical , required of his character . 
the only thing it lacks - as with most hollywood productions -- is a good script and proper casting . never mind that it should never have been made at all . 
too bad get carter returns stallone to action , but with the shiny paint rusted off on the edges . 
regina taylor fares well amidst the mediocrity 
this problem is clearly attributable to the fact that the old white guy is never lip or action synched when he is on screen . 
production values are shoddy . 
chaz palminteri and levy are pretty much wasted as heaven 's ambassadors . 
mark addy ( " the full monty " ) is sorely underutilized as cisco , wellington 's fake english butler . 
as directed by chris weitz and paul weitz ( codirectors of " american pie " and costars of " chuck & buck " ) , the whole affair comes off as amateur hour . 
he 's uneven when interacting with the rest of the cast . 
( among them bacon , elisabeth shue , josh brolin , and kim dickens ) in a grade - z plot with a lot of special effects that , frankly , do n't look much better than those used in the 1933 version of " the invisible man . 
( in its intent , not its achievements ) and not worth your time or your hard - earned dollars . 
hollow man " features a string of hapless , c - list actors 
something sounds horribly wrong already . 
but this is a paul verhoeven film , and the sleazepin director of such open - crotch classics as " basic instinct " and the infamous " showgirls " never lets a little credibility get in the way of his voyeuristic tendencies which , when you come right down to it , is all this film is about . 
it 's minor verhoeven -- and even that 's not saying much -- and boy is it hollow . 
otherwise it 's lots of " thermal " shots and inanimate objects 
simply a verhoeven ploy to show some skin . 
( elisabeth shue included ) bobbing around without any visible signs of support . 
as a horror film , " hollow man " is unsophisticated and disturbing 
there are some serious problems in louis mellis 's and david scinto 's script that should have been caught before filming . 
the plot may be new to british crime films , but it would be overly familiar as a western . 
in spite of the provocative title , the story is cliched and overly familiar . 
it is not a great plot . 
as expected , the odd couple of franklin and james do wind up friends at the end , which is another wasted element seeing as how they show no signs of becoming friends at any point along the way . 
there is just nothing original or intriguing about this film , and so many developments are either non - relevant , or just plain forgotten about . money talks is a paint - by - numbers movie that lacks any real involvment with the audience . frivilous dialogue , a predictable , flat storyline , and two - dimensional characters make money talks a reason to save your money . 
it 's not so much that the movie swore nearly constantly ( and i mean constantly ! ) , but it swore so much that it seemed overly prominent and way too staged . 
there is just nothing original or intriguing about this film , and so many developments are either non - relevant , or just plain forgotten about . money talks is a paint - by - numbers movie that lacks any real involvment with the audience . frivilous dialogue , a predictable , flat storyline , and two - dimensional characters make money talks a reason to save your money . 
both of these elements are completely lost along the way however , and never do reappear . 
there is just nothing original or intriguing about this film , and so many developments are either non - relevant , or just plain forgotten about . money talks is a paint - by - numbers movie that lacks any real involvment with the audience . frivilous dialogue , a predictable , flat storyline , and two - dimensional characters make money talks a reason to save your money . 
it 's all right to change or embellish fantasy to suit a movie 's entertainment value , but doing so to historical facts does n't work nearly as well as creating nagging questions in the viewer 's minds and plot holes that are never filled . 
as it is , i wonder if it does n't give kids the wrong impression 
while disney tried valiantly in many ways to break with some of their firmest traditions , they end up failing on too many levels . 
mostly a let down here , with the exception of the catchy and motivational , " colors of the wind . 
the characters are mixtures of stereotypes and lack any real depth . 
, varies greatly in quality , making any story problems even more obvious . 
despite some innovation and risk taking , the story is surprisingly straightforward and dramatized in broad strokes , as are its characters . 
i was rather bored through what turned out to be a shorter than expected running time . 
in short , the film is too simplistic for adults and contains too much romance and not enough action or humor for the younger set . 
in short , the film is too simplistic for adults and contains too much romance and not enough action or humor for the younger set . 
the opposite holds true for the governor ratcliffe led songs ; the singing is even more grating than his simplistic character . 
most i believe will be disappointed . 
i was so disappointed with pocahontas . 
even the children in the audience seemed restless . 
perhaps the biggest problem is that disney has strayed from their familiar fable and fairy tale themes to history . 
this one 's not even worth the rental , fellas . skip it altogether ! 
i barely laughed at any gags , found the bong element contrived and repetitive , and was horrified not to find any gratuitous nudity tossed anywhere in this movie ( if you 're gon na make a bad college comedy , at least slap in some free t&a shots for the kids : ) . 
critique : despite this film 's interesting premise and dark subject matter , this movie sucks because it is unfunny , boring , and presents us with one of tom everett scott 's worst acting performances . add that to a completely unsuccessful romance element , many lame and corny jokes , a long wait for the setup , and an ending that takes all the blackness out of this " black comedy " ( if you 're gon na create a black comedy , do n't chicken out in the end - see very bad things ( 8/10 ) for a perfect example ) , and you 've got yourself a trite mtv creation worthy of its own subject matter . 
i barely laughed at any gags , found the bong element contrived and repetitive , and was horrified not to find any gratuitous nudity tossed anywhere in this movie ( if you 're gon na make a bad college comedy , at least slap in some free t&a shots for the kids : ) . 
but this sucked . 
to not only the writer / directors , but to the actors 'cause they 're working with crap . 
in this crap ensemble director 's film , all four give pitiful efforts . 
stupid plot , inane characters who are n't interesting at all , etc , etc , etc . 
tim roth was probably payed a lot of money to do this stupid part in this stupid film made by a bunch of people who are high on themselves 'cause they 've had hits , major or minor . 
the man from hollywood " is his big mistake and let 's hope he does n't return her continuously . 
but , as i said , it moves slowly and in that way , it 's more painful than funny . 
it 's long and it 's just not very good 
this one starts it off horribly with no plot , no intrigue , and crap dialogue . the situation is so terrible that it 's physically painful to watch . 
another bad little film with another stupid sex thing going on . 
but , as i said , it moves slowly and in that way , it 's more painful than funny . 
it was anti - climactic and the dialogue was n't very good 
but when i watched it , it seemed anti - climactic and only seemed to gain any momentum towards the end when everything happened at once . 
they should have re - watched " new york stories " and then stopped in their tracks . none of these have any point to them and they 're embarrassing 
the only good thing about this is it has a good cast which , in turn , it wastes pitifully . not even actually funny for a second . 
eve 's bio - rhythms go off the scale each time one of her kinfolk " mates , " which we are forced to witness in gross - out detail , but otherwise there does n't appear to be a whole lot of reason why henstridge is in this film , unless it was written into her contract ( let 's hope it cited one sequel and one sequel only ) . 
they 're both unbelievably wooden . 
it 's so miserable . it 's the predictable storyline , the cardboard characters , the banal dialogue , the failed attempts at humor , the revolting special effects , the gratuitous nudity ( all female , of course ) , the bad acting , and the bland direction . 
" species ii " is worthless . worse than that , it 's also exploitative , offensive , and insulting to the intelligence at every turn . 
eve finally breaks free of her confines -- and her bra -- for the finale , but the effects are so messy you ca n't really see what 's going on . peter boyle is totally wasted as an institutionalized scientist who screams " i told 'em not to go ! 
it 's an unfortunate trend , 
you do n't need to have seen the original " species " to appreciate how utterly lousy 
at the top of his lungs , referring to the mars mission but more likely aimed at the makers of this piffle . 
it 's the predictable storyline , the cardboard characters , the banal dialogue , the failed attempts at humor , the revolting special effects , the gratuitous nudity ( all female , of course ) , the bad acting , and the bland direction . 
this : once - talented directors throwing in the towel and lending their names to unchallenging horror flicks like " species ii . 
what 's a talented filmmaker like peter medak ( " the ruling class , " " the krays , " " let him have it " ) doing directing this tripe 
we have n't seen before , done better on only a few percent of the cost of this turkey . 
the script ignores the ineffectuality of gills in supplying enough oxygen to support a human metabolism ; it ignores the fact that even with both ice caps completely melted , much of the earth 's surface would still be above water ; and 
it ignores the blatant impossibility of the cultures and technology shown . 
but this movie could destroy the careers of anyone associated with it ! 
the lady is helen , played by the stunning jean tripplehorn , who is n't given a chance to be stunning , or even interesting , by the mediocre and unimaginative script . 
it has nothing new to offer , it has a script that could easily have been bettered by the people who write comic books for dc , and it spent more money than the national budget of a small nation . 
the budget of this movie * could * have given us over thirty movies ; it could have paid for six years of a prime - time sf tv series with expensive fx work , or ten years of an sf tv series with good digital fx . in sum , this movie is beneath contempt . 
still , that 's not enough to turn a lump of coal into a diamond , and more than the movie 's look will end up leaving you cold . 
but " switchback " is an undoubtedly weak genre entry , as the material it covers is old and tired , and the filmmakers rarely sustain enough energy to make any of the proceedings interesting . 
but " switchback " then decides to explicitly reveal the killer 's identity at its midpoint , and the following contradictory character motivations muddle both the pacing and the generation of suspense . some of the acting is a burdensome area as well , probably because the performers were instructed to build personas that are the exact opposite of their true selves . 
( that monotone -- stop it ! ) 
in a sense , that 's half of the basic problem with " switchback . 
still , that 's not enough to turn a lump of coal into a diamond , and more than the movie 's look will end up leaving you cold . 
but even when first - time director jeb stuart ( who wrote " the fugitive " and " die hard " ) does n't know what to do , he knows what he wants it to look like -- the movie provides some great visuals . 
, " switchback " is pretty empty . 
how julia roberts is used solely as a " puppy dog " character , puttering around in the background while we endure the complete bitchiness of zeta - jones ' character , who is not one bit funny or romantic 
the most bland , uninteresting and unfetching character ( with zero chemistry with either of his leads ) is further more , beyond me . 
it starts off slow , it 's got no energy , it does n't engage you with any of its characters 
( julia barely gets somewhat interesting in the film , everyone else . . . lame ! ) , it utilizes way too many flashbacks to move the story forward , it 's utterly predictable , standard , routine , see - through and uninteresting as a plot and it just sits there on the screen , big and ugly , waiting . . . 
your film 's in trouble ! ! rent this movie on video just to see what went wrong yourself . 
i only wish that i could pretend never to have seen this movie . . . 
i think i 'm gon na start drinking again after this lame - ass movie . 
( huh ! ? ) , the idio - plot points like when one of the characters goes on the roof to stretch his arms out and relax , but everyone believes that he 's going to kill himself ( hardy - har - har ) and the cheap way of getting the audience to leave the theater laughing by bringing back a ball - sniffing dog that has no place being in the location at the end of the movie , well . 
how julia roberts is used solely as a " puppy dog " character , puttering around in the background while we endure the complete bitchiness of zeta - jones ' character , who is not one bit funny or romantic 
how a premise with such zest and bite can turn into a movie that does n't feature any chemistry , any real laughs , any surprises or any spice is beyond me . 
( two ideal ingredients in a " romantic comedy " ) , is also beyond me . 
well , it 's just not funny . 
lame ! ) , it utilizes way too many flashbacks to move the story forward , it 's utterly predictable , standard , routine , see - through and uninteresting as a plot and it just sits there on the screen , big and ugly , waiting . . . 
( huh ! ? ) , the idio - plot points like when one of the characters goes on the roof to stretch his arms out and relax , but everyone believes that he 's going to kill himself ( hardy - har - har ) and the cheap way of getting the audience to leave the theater laughing by bringing back a ball - sniffing dog that has no place being in the location at the end of the movie , well . 
lame ! ) , it utilizes way too many flashbacks to move the story forward , it 's utterly predictable , standard , routine , see - through and uninteresting as a plot and it just sits there on the screen , big and ugly , waiting . . . 
your film 's in trouble ! ! rent this movie on video just to see what went wrong yourself . 
critique : trite , unfunny , boring and a waste of everyone 's talent . 
( huh ! ? ) , the idio - plot points like when one of the characters goes on the roof to stretch his arms out and relax , but everyone believes that he 's going to kill himself ( hardy - har - har ) and the cheap way of getting the audience to leave the theater laughing by bringing back a ball - sniffing dog that has no place being in the location at the end of the movie , well . 
but it definitely sucks 
c'mon hollywood , enough with the crud ! 
( huh ! ? ) , the idio - plot points like when one of the characters goes on the roof to stretch his arms out and relax , but everyone believes that he 's going to kill himself ( hardy - har - har ) and the cheap way of getting the audience to leave the theater laughing by bringing back a ball - sniffing dog that has no place being in the location at the end of the movie , well . 
and for the record , allow me to state a few more problems with it . 
well , it basically just looked like julia roberts in a fat suit ! ugh . 
a dud all the way around . 
most of the film 's leaden dialog is delivered with the emotive power of the automated time and temperature announcements . add in the movie 's almost non - existent background noise and the excruciatingly slow pacing , and you can hear the sounds of the lines falling to the ground like stones . lumet places his actors in the frames like fruit in a still life painting . they stand awkwardly mouthing the stiff sentences that pass for discourse . 
gloria is her latest disaster . 
she also has a bad case of wavering and overblown new york accents , a disease suffered by much of the rest of the cast . 
the movie has a plethora of logical flaws and implausibilites . 
it is a film more to be endured than enjoyed . 
after seeing it in a nearly empty audience after it opened , it is clear why they held it from the press . 
almost always a sign that the studio is n't behind the picture . 
susan granger 's review of " ghosts of mars " ( sony pictures entertainment ) horror auteur john carpenter ( " halloween , " " vampires " ) strikes out with this sci - fi eco - fable that 's so bad it boggles the mind to imagine how the project ever got green - lit 
perhaps , indeed , there is a curse on mars films , if you recall two other duds 
" -like story that the idiotic plot gets incomprehensibly confusing . 
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " ghosts of mars " thuds to a laborious , bottom - of - the - barrel 1 . 
unfortunately , it does n't seem as though screenwriter jon bernstein spent more than a drunken weekend watching real " jerry springer " reruns to complete his script , leaving us with a boring film , featuring no laughs , one - dimensional characters , and no fun whatsoever . 
having said that , the show itself is outrageous , funny , and always filled with goofy surprises , as opposed to this film which features no laughs ( is this a comedy or a drama ? ) , uninteresting and completely unbelievable one - dimensional stereotypes , and a contrived plot which bores us stupid all the way . 
i never thought i would utter the word boring in the same sentence as jerry springer , but this film is an absolute yawn - fest , despite offering various scenes featuring simulated blowjobs , lesbians , t&a and tv violence ( who would 've guessed that ? ) . 
unfortunately , it does n't seem as though screenwriter jon bernstein spent more than a drunken weekend watching real " jerry springer " reruns to complete his script , leaving us with a boring film , featuring no laughs , one - dimensional characters , and no fun whatsoever . 
the very first thing i 'd do in this perfect world , would be to take every hollywood producer who thinks that setting any story in contemporary america with a 20-something cast playing teenagers and featuring a soundtrack ripped directly from mtv , and throw them in jail . 
from that opening scene , where boring actor ryan phillippe tries to seduce tv actress swoosie kurtz , to the conclusion which i do n't remember because i had practically fallen asleep ; cruel intentions is truly " hell on earth , " right up there with war and tax audits . 
so terrifying , so horrible , so monstrously deplorable that it justified being termed as " hell on earth " . 
from that opening scene , where boring actor ryan phillippe tries to seduce tv actress swoosie kurtz , to the conclusion which i do n't remember because i had practically fallen asleep ; cruel intentions is truly " hell on earth , " right up there with war and tax audits . 
i never understood what the clich ? " hell on earth " truly meant until very recently . 
it 's actually much worse . 
from that opening scene , where boring actor ryan phillippe tries to seduce tv actress swoosie kurtz , to the conclusion which i do n't remember because i had practically fallen asleep ; cruel intentions is truly " hell on earth , " right up there with war and tax audits . 
watching the cast of this motion picture atrocity try to act their way through roger kumble 's awfully written script is probably a lot like stabbing yourself in the arm with a chainsaw and then pouring salt on the open wound . and then pouring acid on the salt . 
i 'd have these producers ( and everyone else involved in the production of these films ) put in front of a war crimes tribunal and forced to beg for mercy for their crimes against humanity . 
i do n't know if kumble was trying to evoke comedy or tragedy out of his opening scene where marci greenbaum ( tara reid ) whines about having nude photos of her posted on the internet , but the only emotion i felt was sheer boredom 
sidney poitier is given a completely unplayable role , that of a man who is just stern sometimes , and other times more giving and likable . 
the script of " the jackal " is a complete mess , mostly because it ca n't decide what it wants to focus on 
every now and then , the filmmakers get it right ( " clear and present danger , " which was enormous fun in that smart kinda way ) , but " the jackal " is an example of when they go completely wrong . 
it does n't help that the plot is designed to be complex , but falls into so many problems , like plot holes and unbelievable circumstances . 
i did n't care for any of the characters being played by actors i did n't really like . 
sure , the big assasination attempt is a bit cool looking and even slightly tense , but every other scene in the film is too short and too dull to register . the film never picks up enough to become a thrilling experience , or even an entertaining one . 
the worst part is the little past they try to give declan , most notably his relationship with an old girlfriend , isabella ( mathilda may ) , given so little screen time that you almost forget her character exists until she pops up every now and then . 
diane venora 's russian character is almost as bad , with a cigarette perpetually in her mouth , and a plastered on expressionless facade . 
but none of these elevate the film any higher than it could go ; they 're just little distractions along the way to amuse us mildly then toss us back into the world of dullness and stupidity 
the film is supposed to be a big suspense thriller , but save a couple moments , the film never achieves suspense , or even a sense of intrigue 
diane venora 's russian character is almost as bad , with a cigarette perpetually in her mouth , and a plastered on expressionless facade . 
it 's not that anyone 's bad here ; it 's that they have nothing to do . the plot is a joke , feeling like it was pasted together by someone in post - production who dropped each scene on the floor and pasted them together quickly so it could be released on time . 
the supporting characters are worse . 
there are numerous problems with the film , and which one is the biggest one is pretty impossible to put a finger on . 
something 's rotten in the state of denmark . 
director michael caton - jones ( who directed the far superior " rob roy " ) has made a film that is made very couple months , one that is unentertaining , unintriguing , and pretty much cold , but will nevertheless make money because , hey , the trailers do make it look like it may be fun in that kind of retro - clancy kinda way . 
the worst part is the little past they try to give declan , most notably his relationship with an old girlfriend , isabella ( mathilda may ) , given so little screen time that you almost forget her character exists until she pops up every now and then . 
does he really need to waste his time doing drivel like this ? 
verhoeven 's slam - bang , in - your - face style of direction proves neither arousing nor erotic . to make matters worse , you 'll be forced to sit through the movie 's clothed scenes , which do n't cover up for laughable acting and some of the most absurd dialogue ever spoken in film history . 
unfortunately , " showgirls " does n't satisfy in this department . 
" showgirls " is a relentlessly exploitive look at the las vegas strip scene , and the film turns out to be just as trashy as its subject matter . 
" showgirls " is a relentlessly exploitive look at the las vegas strip scene , and the film turns out to be just as trashy as its subject matter . 
unfortunately , " showgirls " does n't satisfy in this department . 
it 's a hackneyed premise to begin with , so not surprisingly , all of the stock characters are trucked out . 
to make matters worse , you 'll be forced to sit through the movie 's clothed scenes , which do n't cover up for laughable acting and some of the most absurd dialogue ever spoken in film history . 
but if " showgirls " is any indication of hollywood 's future , the folks in washington should focus their attack on a more dangerous threat to american values -- bad moviemaking . 
he still ca n't act . 
his acting is worse than normal . 
of course a few minutes later we find out that the newly deceased had a twin brother -- so lucky us 
this is pretty much like every movie that van damme has ever been involved in -- sub par . 
simply put , there is absolutely nothing new about this movie . 
nothing new here , and certainly nothing we have n't seen in every other van damme movie . 
it seemed like everyone was restricted to just the script and not given a fair amount of improvisational rights . 
the hero commits a greedy , selfish act when he decides to pretend he is his dead cellmate in order to date ashley . some hero . 
reindeer games is the complete opposite ; the actors do n't seem to want to be their characters ( even danny trejo , who will do practically anything , does n't look like he is enjoying himself ) , causing the audience to quickly lose interest . evidence of public disapproval was noted when a woman behind me yelled " boy this movie is horrible ! " and when there were scattered giggles during the most dramatic moments . 
beats me . 
the movie could have premiered on cinemax at two in the morning starring an all - rookie cast and still would have been equally lacking in entertaining . 
then frustration . 
beats me . 
the most irritating part of the film 
the routine in which the bad guy must explain his genius plan to the hero before attempting to kill him with some elaborate machine is getting so tired 
what makes reindeer games even more disappointing than just a predictable , lifeless action flick is the cast and crew who signed onto the project . 
after coming out of the theater showing reindeer games , disbelief was my first reaction ? 
but reindeer games makes its first serious mistake during the first half an hour . 
the acting is so pitiful and the script so dull 
also featuring is morgan freeman as the president , and maximilian schell and vanessa redgrave as jenny 's father and mother . while many people will walk into the film expecting a big special effects fest with the asteroid blowing everything up ( as the trailers seem to promise ) , the film is actually more of a character study , if a very poor one . 
the script by bruce joel rubin and michael tolkin is horribly simple , and never really makes any interesting statements . 
once again , dreamworks has churned out another average movie . 
the main problem is that there are too many characters in the film , and not enough time to explore them all . 
and because i could n't care for them , i did n't really give a crap if the asteroid killed them or not . 
mimi leder , the former er director and director of the average the peacemaker ( 1996 ) , again directs in a ho - hum style , and never really gets any emotion out of a scene , which is a shame . 
what could of been a moving movie with good effects turns out to be a dud in both characters and effects . 
morgan freeman , again , is utterly wasted with a ridiculously underwritten role . 
elijah wood , one of the best child actors working today , is surprisingly average , although his choice of roles lately have n't exactly been brilliant ( i . 
ok , so deep impact may have messed up character wise , but surely the special effects are good ? 
in the end , deep impact is a wasted opportunity . 
sadly , the waves looks like it 's been drawn on computer , and does n't look too good at all . surprising really , when the effects are done by industrial light & magic , who did the effects for the lost world and twister . 
in essence , the entire segment works like a teaser for an arcade game , not a piece of filmmaking . 
the atmosphere attempts to be surreal by incorporating time travel and various time paradoxes , but it 's presented in such a ridiculous way it 's utterly boring 
the first act is not a building of a story , but a juxtaposition of scenes that serve no purpose other than to plug in all the required elements ( such as plot , conflict , and characterization - god forbid ! ) . 
battle scenes are worthless without tension , and since we have no idea what the setting is it 's impossible to care about anything that happens . 
the dialogue is virtually non - existent . 
gluttony is hollywood 's favorite sin , but it is the movie - goers who pay the price by being dealt the same things over and over on an ever - worsening basis . 
it 's amazing that after an hour of trite dialogue and generic plot devices 
of course this is all established through extremely melodramatic scenes such as the children and parents arguing and bickering among themselves and with each other , while the necessary problems are " resolved " at the right moments . 
constantly wanders aimlessly . plotlines are developed , but each becomes totally irrelevant as the story changes from scenario to scenario . 
it 's made up of every element of science fiction , but at no time does it evoke the slightest amount of wonderment 
so poor it would be twice as good if it were mediocre 
, the cartoony villain , and his plans for sabotage . 
" lost in space " is major film production at its worst . 
the first act is not a building of a story , but a juxtaposition of scenes that serve no purpose other than to plug in all the required elements ( such as plot , conflict , and characterization - god forbid ! ) . 
it 's frightening that a film so poorly written , directed , and acted might be considered mainstream entertainment . 
the only thing worse than the screenplay is the fact it 's presented in a completely serious manner without a trace of satire , and is so pathetic it 's laughable 
what ensues is a series upon series of completely unrelated conflicts . 
by the time the last act rolls around , there is no sense of a payoff building . 
after the fine first scene , the movie degenerates into a monotonous series of those annoying you - thought - 
the only thing worse than watching a bad movie is realizing that the film had a lot of potential and could 've been effective . 
this film insults your intelligence more times than i care to remember . 
unfortunately , the film never takes off from there . 
tons of illogical moments about ; more than i really have the inclination to list . 
the slasher appears , attacks , the victim is eviscerated , and the tedious cycle appears anew . 
this movie commits the biggest sin a horror film can commit -- it 's not frightening . remember the horror movie cliches that were so mercilessly mocked in _ 
the last 20 minutes especially degenerates into such lunacy that you 'll be laughing more than you 'll be screaming . 
at its best , the acting can barely be called " adequate " and the script could 've definitely used a rewrite or two . 
i 'm very sorry that i do n't have this perspective , but , judging from the reviews i 've already read , knowing the tv show just makes matters worse . 
the weather will keep getting colder until they " have to go to hell to warm up " ( one of the film 's few funny lines ) . along the way there is subplot after subplot , hinged sloppily together by scenes that go nowhere , feel perfunctory , and ultimately make no sense 
i blame director jeremiah chechik , who should n't have been given the task to begin with . 
it will wane . 
( i do n't blame her completely , for there is a strange subplot involving her evil twin that is never explained in any way , and it ca n't be easy to deal with such terrible screenwriting . ) 
for god 's sake , no -- these people clearly lost interest when they saw the inevitable path of destruction on which this film was travelling . 
damn this movie for not giving them the chance . 
in addition , many of the sequences have irritating , grainy film quality , which makes it feel low - budget ( the last scene is particularly bad ) . 
none of it feels the least bit energetic or inspired . it 's like a chore , a bland exercise in superhero film making . 
but sets are ultimately empty , and the performances are completely uninspired . 
i like the final set - piece , on de wynter 's island , even if none of it makes a bit of sense . 
add to that a lack of experience in big - budget action , and you have the worst choice for director this side of james ivory . 
wasted cast ? 
the film i saw today did n't even meet those expectations . 
oh , it makes me weep with disappointment . 
connery , however , seems the most out of it , totally lacking any kind of focus , or interest , for that matter . 
this is a lousy , incoherent mess . 
there 's a lot more that needs to be here . 
i did n't know and love john steed and emma peel , and therefore i was not as upset to see how these actors i love have managed to thrash their roles . 
the special effects are n't bad , but they 're loud , obnoxious , and intrusive . 
his best film , benny & joon , is quirky in the same way that this one was supposed to be , but here it mostly seems like a lot of failed attempts at wit and humor . 
who is to blame ? is it the screenwriter , don macpherson ? 
this is just plain depressing . 
add to that a lack of experience in big - budget action , and you have the worst choice for director this side of james ivory . 
and thurman , in all of her spectacular beauty and talent , ca n't manage to look at home here . 
but all it does is set us up for an overwhelmingly disappointing movie . 
if snake eyes were a dog , you 'd put it to sleep . 
the film 's secret is ho - hum at best , and anyone who has watched the trailer and is aware of the law of economy of characters can figure out who the top conspirator is . 
snake eyes is not a good mystery movie , but i had some questions : where 's the manager , and how do i get a re - admit pass ? 
the expert craftsman who pieced together a fairly good trailer out of snippets of a wretched movie deserves praise and a percentage of the gross . 
on off - days , he can be , well , just horrid 
snake eyes is a criminal act , an evil waste of time and talent . 
if it was a couch , you 'd put it out on the sidewalk , where it would sit for a week . 
, even de palma deserve better . the audience deserves better -- but no refund , no re - admit pass , no free popcorn coupon , can ever restore to us the time we 've spent or wash the awful images from our mind . 
the first and most glaringly wrong thing with snake eyes is the trailer . 
the worst , most overly drawn out ending in years . 
placing plot holes to one side for a moment , snake eyes features easily the worst boxing match in cinema history 
however , we are left with one consolation , that we were warned by the movie 's title -- because snake eyes is nothing more than a roll of craps . 
placing plot holes to one side for a moment , snake eyes features easily the worst boxing match in cinema history 
but the technical skill does n't even come close to making up for the sheer evil of this movie . 
snake eyes falls into the horrid category , but there are a couple of moments that are worth seeing strictly for their film - school degree - of - difficulty value . 
unfortunately , there are multiple problems afoot 
without an interesting plot , without interesting dialogue , and without much of a reason to care about the characters or the story , snake eyes is a failure on almost every possible level . as much as i hated this movie , i must give brian de palma one tiny bit of credit . 
but she has no part ! ! ! 
but in all fairness , she has virtually no part . 
and when i did , he had horrible dialogue to say . 
( do n't ask ! ! ! ) . 
for one , george is a good batman but unfortunately gets nothing to do . 
poor elle gets a mere 3 scenes and a subplot which is introduced but never finished in any way , shape or form . 
the film falls apart around the five - minute mark during an enormously long action sequence which must last around 20 minutes . . . 
as for the lower bat - people , chris is the same as he was in " batman forever , " although i think his work in these is too hokey when he 's best at quieter parts in " scent of a woman " or just plain cool parts in " fried green tomotoes . 
that 's why this will have a strong box - office initative from people who just want to see it , like me , but will die after a week or two when the word around the grapevine kills it 
she 's not particularly good in this film . 
arnold is n't very good - too hokey but kinda sympathetic at some points . 
the film should serve as another in the long - line of films which demonstrate that we need more intelligent films nowadays . people are fed up with stupid films . 
this is a big bore of over - produced action sequences and shallow characters . 
anti - climactic - i knew it was gon na suck 
but this is never answered , as this film is too cluttered . 
however , while tim burton nicely balanced the villain / batman storyline ( although not wonderfully ) , joel seems to do almost nothing with batman in this one . 
and it 's not the traditional argument for films like these , where you may in fact want them all to be eaten ( even " aliens " played with the karma of the arrogant soldiers , but this was more of a plus - side for the film as a whole than the opposite ) ; instead , as another cliche goes , you just do n't give a damn . 
not that any of this is for a second scary or the least bit involving ; not only does this film start off with a chintzy bond - ian opening ( the destruction of the cruiser via a satellite transmission from mir ) , destroying any of the suspense in what could happen , but it also fails to bring us any interesting chracters . of its motley crew , it only choses as its potentially eccentric cast of characters a lead woman skipper , a masculine potential - romantic - interest , a drunken captain , a black technician , a tatooed aborigine , a manic russian survivor , and a couple other candidates for alien food , none whom are the least bit interesting or more dimensional than a thin , plain piece of writing paper . 
the film seems to not only borrow it 's plot from last year 's similarly - fated " deep rising , " but also from a clunkish b - movie from the ' 80s called " leviathan , " an underwater thriller starring peter weller , richard crenna , hector elizando , and daniel stern about a group of miners who stumble upon an alien lifeform that was part " alien , " part john carpenter 's twisted remake of " the thing . 
i almost do n't even have to say that the acting from everyone ranges from sub - par to horrific , the former being jamie lee curtis in the lead showing off what a strong female lead she is ( and she is , just not really here ) and the latter being - and it pains me to say this as he 's a particular favorite of mine - donald sutherland , who plays the captain so poorly and without a second of credibility that this will go down as the performance - of - which - he - should - be - ashamed 
no such thing will happen to bruno , whom i believe worked in some capacity on that quasi - landmark feature ; while bruno may have studied under cameron 's wing for years and years , i 'm beginning to wonder at what capacity , and what exactly did he learn from him . 
not that any of this is for a second scary or the least bit involving ; not only does this film start off with a chintzy bond - ian opening ( the destruction of the cruiser via a satellite transmission from mir ) , destroying any of the suspense in what could happen , but it also fails to bring us any interesting chracters . of its motley crew , it only choses as its potentially eccentric cast of characters a lead woman skipper , a masculine potential - romantic - interest , a drunken captain , a black technician , a tatooed aborigine , a manic russian survivor , and a couple other candidates for alien food , none whom are the least bit interesting or more dimensional than a thin , plain piece of writing paper . 
we already know that big movie studios ' mentality is shallow at best , and movies like " out of sight " and " saving private ryan " give you more faith in them , but movies like " virus " manage to drain a little more out of the pool . 
they read the script , they knew they were entrusting millions upon millions of dollars into a director who might have very well been a cameron hack ( and he is ) , and they still went ahead with the project , only to have bruno and company shit back in their face . 
no one , except for an elite few , even bothered to see this film . 
the action scenes are muddled and as difficult to follow as any action movie i 've ever seen ( my , um , favorite part was the scene where a trio of them end up somehow on the outside of the ship , during a five minute bouillabaisse of tidal waves , rain , and any other ocean - extremeties the film can cook up , then end up back in the ship when one of them is revealed to have apparently drowned - well , i must say , thanks for telling me afterwards because i sure could n't figure it out when i saw it ) . 
not that any of this is for a second scary or the least bit involving ; not only does this film start off with a chintzy bond - ian opening ( the destruction of the cruiser via a satellite transmission from mir ) , destroying any of the suspense in what could happen , but it also fails to bring us any interesting chracters . of its motley crew , it only choses as its potentially eccentric cast of characters a lead woman skipper , a masculine potential - romantic - interest , a drunken captain , a black technician , a tatooed aborigine , a manic russian survivor , and a couple other candidates for alien food , none whom are the least bit interesting or more dimensional than a thin , plain piece of writing paper . 
the fact that bruno could have worked under a man like cameron - a director who , if anything , just knows how to make a movie - and then make a film like " virus " is just another detraction fairly aimed at this z - grade schlockfest of a film , albeit a z - grade schlockfest with a respectable budget . 
i almost do n't even have to say that the acting from everyone ranges from sub - par to horrific , the former being jamie lee curtis in the lead showing off what a strong female lead she is ( and she is , just not really here ) and the latter being - and it pains me to say this as he 's a particular favorite of mine - donald sutherland , who plays the captain so poorly and without a second of credibility that this will go down as the performance - of - which - he - should - be - ashamed 
" great actor , horrific performance . 
one horribly - directed action scene after the other , capping it off with a proposterous gadget 
but all of this does n't matter since " virus " is basically just one loud , cluttered mess of a movie . 
and my god , it 's a long damn sit . with no interesting characters , no dramatic urgency , no tension , not one good moment of action , and no mesmerizing visuals , it 's a wonder that it even got made . 
" deuce bigalow " is the first project from adam sandler 's company happy madison , the formation of which assures that we 'll be seeing the sandler style of comedy mass - produced at an increasing rate in years to come . be afraid . be very afraid . 
bottom line : " deuce " does n't offer anything new but it is intermittently funny . 
deuce 's life is complicated by a bothersome cop ( william forsythe ) looking for information on antoine and by kate 's discovery of his man - whoring . however , neither threat generates much suspense . the formula is so familiar that we know how it will end from the start . 
does anyone over the age of eight actually find bowel movements that funny ? 
but she 's terribly unconvincing in this and her performance seems stale and unsatisfying ) 
this is your definitive " hollywood " movie , extremely predictable , following the basic formula ( a horrible ending ) , overzealous writing ( meaning the writing was bad and seemed as if it were trying too hard to make it exciting , therefore making it look as if many things were merely tossed in there to fill space ) 
i was just left unsatisfied in the long run . 
as i 'd said , jones was fine , although he did not have much to work with 
does n't really add to the movie at all ; just takes away . 
so basically some of the action may have been exciting but genuinely over - thought , the plot has certainly been done before ( generally speaking ) , the movie moves way too fast for us to get involved in either the characters or the plot , and is basically a film that was almost saved by tommy lee jones , who if he had some more screentime , could perhaps have earned the film a higher rating ; in my book , anyway . 
you would never guess this from watching dead - bang , however , since the film totally lacks credibility ; it is utterly unconvincing and unbelievable . 
dead - bang tries to don a mask of social relevance by incorporating themes of racism and white supremacy , but its efforts are nothing more than token gestures and nothing less than insulting . 
the only real virtue of dead - bang , believe it or not , is don johnson , who tries to overcome the limitations of the movie 's pitiful script . 
you would never guess this from watching dead - bang , however , since the film totally lacks credibility ; it is utterly unconvincing and unbelievable . 
in all fairness to frankenheimer , however , i should note that most of dead - bang 's shortcomings seem to stem from its shabby script rather than from the direction . 
forsythe 's lame performance and corny dialogue makes his character unbearable 
william forsythe , for example , is painfully bad as arthur kressler , a wholesome by - the - book fbi agent who 's offended by beck 's foul language and unorthodox methods . 
the sole function of penelope ann miller 's character is to give dead - bang an excuse to include a gratuitous love scene between characters about whom you could not care less . 
although dead - bang is definitely dead , it is anything but a bang ; in fact , they should have called this one " dead bore . " in the film , johnson plays . 
it 's definitely a dead bang . 
virtually every aspect of dead - bang is inept and ineffective . the plot is incoherent and full of holes . the movie depicts beck 's investigation so clumsily that you never see the connections between his clues and his conclusions . the action sequences in dead - bang are strictly third - rate , and the movie has absolutely no momentum or suspense . 
but when barf is the highlight of a movie , you know the movie 's in trouble . 
most of the characters in dead - bang are either atrociously acted , underdeveloped , superfluous , or all of the above . 
dead - bang marks the motion picture debut of tim reid ( " wkrp in cincinnati " and " frank 's place " ) , but his talents are completely wasted in a cliched and contrived role ; he plays the chief officer of a squadron of black cops who help beck to nail the villains . 
but two funny scenes and a couple good wisecracks do not a movie make . 
the addition of an enticing sub - plot would have given the film time to breathe , rather than try to cram 96 minutes of action and disaster into a story that ca n't handle anything else . 
although hard rain never really works from the start , i somehow felt feelings of missed opportunity when the credits filled the screen . 
hard rain 's continuos corniness and lack of originality washes out whatever hope the script may have had ; and although it 's cast is somewhat appealing most of its stars 
we can forgive morgan freeman for giving a slightly disappointing performance since he is newish to the action genre , but christian slater could have achieved so much more had the amount of crummy one liners been reduced and some personality added to his character . if you had asked me whether slater could perform well enough to substantially boost a movie prior to the release of broken arrow , my answer would have been a definite no . 
however , there is a distinct separation between opening your mind to ridiculous situations and believing a bunch of flat lies . 
we can forgive morgan freeman for giving a slightly disappointing performance since he is newish to the action genre , but christian slater could have achieved so much more had the amount of crummy one liners been reduced and some personality added to his character . if you had asked me whether slater could perform well enough to substantially boost a movie prior to the release of broken arrow , my answer would have been a definite no . 
act well below par . 
no creative flair and no inventive scenes means that hard rain does not stand up well against its many competitors , but it does n't really matter since the last thing you would want to do after shelling about $ 8 . 
despite the fact that hard rain fails on almost every account , if your standards are low enough you may find this to be a mildly enjoyable film . 
i do n't mean to suggest de bont is a plagiarist , i mean to suggest that he 's a hack , having found no new ways to give us chills . 
her character is supposed to be depressed , having tended to an unloving mother for too many years , but taylor plays nell as supernaturally lame , alternately grouchy , mopey , wiggy and pathetic , and i kept wondering why the other characters did n't just ditch this bitch 
; in fact , whole sequences , not to mention the cloaked , airy ghoul who owns the climax , feel lifted from a much smarter and infinitely more enjoyable spectacle from three summers back , peter jackson 's the frighteners . 
thank jan de bont for that : proving for the third time that speed was a fluke , in that it was actually enjoyable , de bont has served up another ride , sans thrill . 
nothing short of hiring a new cast , a more literate screenwriter , and a new director could have saved this tragically misguided adaptation of jackson 's meritorious novel . 
the haunting is late entry summer dreck too slick to be creepy , and its seemingly endless stream of digital trickery and spooky ooky sound effects do n't frighten so much as numb the audience into submission 
" who on earth would say that in place of " citizen kane meets the munsters " ? 
both actresses fare better than neeson , who looks embarrassed to be a part of this ensemble ( and for good reason ) , and his character is the most bland . 
both actresses fare better than neeson , who looks embarrassed to be a part of this ensemble ( and for good reason ) , and his character is the most bland . 
unfortunately , she 's saddled with some of the most unlikely dialogue the screenplay has to offer . 
i doubt it will recoup its costs ( including marketing ) domestically . 
for starters , her consistently dour expression sucks the life out of even the early scenes , when we 're introduced to the mansion and all its fun - house trappings . 
taylor is thoroughly insufferable in her first big - budget lead . 
his images , well - lit though they are , have an unmistakable been there - done that quality 
but even then , because the outcome is so predictably obvious , the suspense factor is negated and we are relegated to just watching two men pummel each other . 
the other actors involved merely play stereotypes of one sort or another . 
as a movie , play it to the bone is hardly worth our time . 
harrelson is uncomfortably awkward , apparently never having gotten a firm handle on vince . 
banderas is uncharacteristically non - charismatic as caesar . 
weak and ineffectual , there is little life in his screen performance . 
the christian conversion angle simply falls flat and unbelievable . 
play it to the bone is a punch - drunk mess of a movie . containing a good cast but awful acting ; an interesting premise but terrible execution , ron shelton ( white men ca n't jump ) gives us a rocky story with not one rocky 
as it is , the scenes which require the characters to actually talk to one another are weak and laughable . 
not that we 'd know it from their work here . 
play it to the bone is a punch - drunk mess of a movie . containing a good cast but awful acting ; an interesting premise but terrible execution , ron shelton ( white men ca n't jump ) gives us a rocky story with not one rocky 
play it to the bone is a punch - drunk mess of a movie . containing a good cast but awful acting ; an interesting premise but terrible execution , ron shelton ( white men ca n't jump ) gives us a rocky story with not one rocky 
because of the weak characters and the lack of screen chemistry between them , the film flounders with all the appeal of a dead fish until the boxing match actually begins . 
the reality is that after 15 minutes of watching this picture , you know exactly what 's going to happen , despite rather pathetic attempts in the screenplay to throw in plot twists . many scenes seem to exist merely as a reason to outfit zeta - jones in extremely tight - fitting clothing . 
the problem we come to is that we 've all seen this a few billion times before and this film does n't break any new ground in the big - budget / hollywood / action genre . 
one last complaint : entrapment is littered of instances where macdougal will just slip into a shadow or behind a building , or he becomes obstructed by a moving vehicle and then in the next shot , he 'll spontaneously disappear in ninja - like fashion . 
now , before i continue to ferociously attack what 's wrong with this film , i just want to point out that one of the reasons it fails so miserably is because it does have the potential to be an exciting thriller . 
zeta - jones , it certainly is n't for either the writers or the director , who are not nearly as clever as they think they are . 
this is the only way i can fathom how 20th century fox hired jon amiel in order to direct this eighty million dollar waste of my time 
one last complaint : entrapment is littered of instances where macdougal will just slip into a shadow or behind a building , or he becomes obstructed by a moving vehicle and then in the next shot , he 'll spontaneously disappear in ninja - like fashion . 
the action that is present in this film takes place in a huge skyscraper and is relatively unspectacular . 
/ x . well , you 'd be wrong . 
ving rhames also makes an appearance in this movie , and though he has great screen presence ( although so do connery and zeta - jones ) and the most interesting character in the film , not even he can rescue this film from the depths of the boring film abyss 
the result is that the entire production feels contrived 
i have no real tangible proof of this , but i swear that there are a lot of producers in hollywood who adamantly believe that if you take a bad script , written by a bad writer and give the project it to an equally bad director , then it is actually possible to make a good movie . using their logic , all that really needs be done to change the bad movie into a good movie is cast a bunch of super - famous actors and provide an almost unlimited production budget . 
do n't get me wrong , i think that deniro is one of the top ten greatest actors of the century , but he is just out of his league here . 
this does n't work . it creates an uneven character that never breaks out of the deniro mold ; you always know it 's him . and the movie is badly paced , too . 
i think the problem is he did n't quite know how to approach this material . 
sadly , though , i do n't think anyone in the audience i saw it with realized it was a parody , because i was the only one laughing . 
i thought it looked kind of lame . and then when the commercials started popping up a week or two ago , i thought it looked outright bad 
but as it is , i only chuckled a few times . 
" analyze this " is slow , unfunny , and badly acted . 
it 's obvious the writer had a good idea for a movie , mob boss faces breakdown and needs the services of a psychiatrist , but once this is established , the movie does n't really go anywhere . 
it creates an uneven character that never breaks out of the deniro mold ; you always know it 's him . and the movie is badly paced , too . it never takes off . it just crawls from one scene to another without any forward momentum . i think the blame for this should be placed on the script . 
every now and again " knock off " will deliver some truly ingenious directorial flourishes -- inventive camera shots and angles , wild rides down gun silencers and from the tops of buildings to the sprawling street below , revealing cut - ins within the frame -- but they all happen too quickly , and within such a furious frame of reference , that they 're wasted . if only hark could have slowed things down just for a minute . if you 're interested in the plot , you 're better off reading a capsule review than trying to extract any meaning from the on - screen shenanigans : " jean - claude van damme plays a shady bluejeans manufacturer who uncovers a russian mafia plot to terrorize the world with " nanobombs " hidden in cabbage patch knock - offs . 
and it goes downhill from there ! 
the first five minutes of the film are incomprehensible . . . 
your jaw will be on your cup holder and you 'll be wondering why you elected to spend seven dollars on this mess 
director hark tsui , whose previous film was the van damme / dennis rodman teamed " double team , " films at such a frenetic pace that it 's hard to know what 's going on 
the problem with the film is its direction . 
when schneider starts whacking van damme in the behind with a four - foot eel while enthusing " move your beautiful big ass , " the movie takes an unprecedented turn to the bizarre . 
like the cheap jeans and " pumma " sneakers manufactured in hong kong , van damme 's latest is a real phony . 
his latest film , " knock off , " skips on the fun part leaving a wildly incoherent exercise that is , well , simply mindless . 
the script offers little originality , and 
elmer bernstein 's score is hauntingly melodic and could have been drawn note - for - note from a vintage noir . 
with an a - list cast of oscar laureates like that , " twilight " would seem very promising . however , the script is tired and predictable 
" twilight " also squanders a fine supporting cast : 
" twilight " wants to be character - driven like " nobody 's fool " ( also directed by benton , also starring newman , based on a novel by russo ) was , but the tired script gives the actors too little to work with . 
the lead actors try hard - none of the three has every made less than a full effort , even when burdened with a bad script . 
but the epitome of how moralistically mushy this film gets happens when the person responsible for the toxic dumping , kristopherson , meets up with seagal . 
however , the message will never come across through poorly developed vehicles like this . 
fight scenes are quick and senseless and offers no enjoyment value whatsoever 
it 's beauty and natural goodness is being slowly destroyed by an uncaring mining magnate ( kris kristopherson , who constantly looks like he wants to kill his agent for getting him this role ) . 
the most annoying moment comes when he barges into the middle of a sunday church ceremony , gets behind the pulpit , and beseeches the townsfolk to take control of their lives and to help clean up the environment . 
slow and plodding , this project is a total mess . 
and , after seeing this piece of toxic waste , i now know why . 
this movie is by far the worst offering that has hit the screen since possibly those ernest movies years ago . 
this is truly nothing more than a pompous showcase for seagal 's righteousness and narcissistic arrogance . 
tom dicillo directs this superficial comedy about superficial people in superficial careers , all searching for deeper meaning . 
keener 's character has a stronger edge , but the insult self - defense class ( taught by denis leary , no less ) she is stuck in makes little sense . 
matthew modine and catherine keener have the most sympathetic characters in the film , but they 're stuck in the most boring plotlines . 
the story serves absolutely no purpose , makes little sense , and is completely tangential to the main plotlines of the movie . 
unfortunately , the film 's forays outside the realm of comedy are pathetic . 
there 's just not enough humor to speed things along , and not enough meaning to propel any drama . 
while the characters flail at each other , one - liners and bad puns are tossed about like confetti . 
of course , the real stars of a batman film are the villains and that 's where " batman and robin " really suffers 
thurman fails to maintain the character 's maniacal sense of style though , and ends up merely sputtering her way through the latter scenes of the film . 
she overacts terribly in the early establishing scenes of her character 
it 's like one of those cheesy kings island stage shows ; bright , busy and visually diverting , but not very much fun . 
joel schumacher fills the screen with eye candy ; but the technicolor overkill merely emphasizes what a trifle the film really is . 
those days of the dark knight are gone , replaced by a psychedelic ice capades run amuck . 
in a movie filled to the brim with major characters , the decision to add the entirely unnecessary batgirl and elle macpherson as bruce wayne 's girlfriend is puzzling . 
" batman and robin " does n't merely lose momentum , it stalls out completely on several occasions . it 's rare to see an action flick as sluggish as this one . 
the blame lies with director joel schumacher . 
freeze , arnold schwarzenegger gives his worst performance in years , spitting out a stream of lame catch phrases in wooden fashion . laboring under a ton of appliances , schwarzenegger looks as if he 's having trouble even moving in his suit , let alone trying to act 
a few carefully placed jokes can set an action movie sailing , but too many wisecracks can undermine the momentum of a film . 
in a movie filled to the brim with major characters , the decision to add the entirely unnecessary batgirl and elle macpherson as bruce wayne 's girlfriend is puzzling . 
" batman and robin " is 126 minutes of lavish sets , flashy costumes and big , confusing fight scenes with barely a hint of substance . 
the producers were apparently so intent on creating a spectacle that they forgot to put an actual movie inside of it . 
unfortunately , when it comes time to have those people walk and talk , he has n't the faintest notion of what to do . 
the ads for " batman and robin " scream " the event of the summer is here " and that 's the problem . 
" batman and robin " is overstuffed with intricately choreographed fight scenes so poorly edited that it 's often difficult to tell who 's whacking who . 
what is the point of this ? 
but it 's just so unbelievably boring , cliche , dumb , unfunny , corny , and just plain bad it may scare children , it certainly disturbed me . 
it comes out terrible . 
this movie is so stupid and dumb that it 's depressing to think that some hollywood executives actually gave this the green light , and even more surprising is the fact that this is a disney movie . 
this is just so beyond stupid and cartoony we are constantly two steps ahead of the story . it 's hard to tell whether the overall corniness and cheesiness to the movie is intentional because it is a family film , or if the filmmaker 's are just this untalented and stupid . 
" gordy " is not a movie , it is a 90-minute - long " sesame street " skit , and a very bad one at that . 
if this had not been insanely stupid already the story quickly changes when jinnie gives gordy to hank who then ends up becoming the ceo of a food processing corporation when hank 's grandfather , the original ceo , dies and leaves his fortune to hank . . . 
take the easy way out and simply recycle each form of senselessness . 
quickly grows stale . 
but if he continues to associate himself with projects as flat as senseless , his film career could go the way of his once - promising older brother , damon , who is now set to make his comeback -- on television . 
unlike wayans 's last starring vehicle , the surprisingly effective ( and serious ) the 6th man , the " emotional " content of senseless is forced and unconvincing . 
however , the raucous and often raunchy comedy is wrapped in a blanket of bogus sincerity . 
any attempt at anything more substantial than broad comedy fizzles -- darryl 's romance with janice ( tamara taylor ) , a young woman who yearns for a man who is true to himself , does not generate sparks of any kind . 
any attempt at anything more substantial than broad comedy fizzles -- darryl 's romance with janice ( tamara taylor ) , a young woman who yearns for a man who is true to himself , does not generate sparks of any kind . 
wayans approaches each go - round with gusto , but by this point he 's simply treading water for the rest of the film 's unfunny duration . 
the film sagged in the middle of the story from the weight of its tedium , and eventually landed on its rear end with its unspectacular climax . 
the film looked like the usual sitcom stuff , and is plagued with the cheap set design features reserved for a tv movie . 
the only thing that could n't be sold , is this stiff story and tired plot line . 
a slight romantic comedy with a feminist bent , but one with no edge to it . 
though it 's a well - written and well - acted fluff piece , it still does not have too much to say that is surprising . 
to be honest , when i left the theatre , i just had to laugh at how witless the film was . it 's moronic fun at best . 
what are the four ingredients of a really bad action movie ? 
one of the most unimaginative rip - offs of other recent action movies , or an incredibly unfunny spoof of them . 
secondly , a cheesy soundtrack tries to connote a tone of mystery , but only succeeds in drowning our ears with an abrasive musical score . 
it 's difficult to fathom such insipidness unless you actually watch this film . 
but most of it is just outright silly . 
" evolution " is so mind - numbingly tedious that it 's difficult not to start cheering for the aliens . 
a shame , then , that it all deteriorates into such a hopelessly unfunny morass . 
duchovny has stunningly little in the way of material to work with . and the story is so formulaic , it could have been written by monkeys . 
it has its moments ( a scene in which jones ' body is invaded by an alien is particularly entertaining ) , but there are embarrassingly long stretches that are utterly devoid of humour . moore is totally wasted , her clumsy shtick getting very old , very fast . 
the characters , themselves , are rather pathetic and despicable . 
for example , the film tells a few substories ( such as the tale of a woeful absinthe bender , or an alternative telling of how van gogh lost his ear ) , but they are so flat and so plastic that they come off as prefabricated and unbelievable . there 's never the sense that these are real characters engaging in conversation . they appear to be nothing more than words on a screenplay . 
but there is little in the film that is worthy of deceit . 
but , while they have got the plot twists down cold , they need to work on characterization and dialogue . 
not one of them is an ounce sympathetic , and as a result , the labyrinthine plot is all for naught . 
with his plastic facial expressions , monotone voice , and complete inability to make convincing animal noises , his range rivals that of steven seagal . 
she ca n't act . 
meanwhile , steven waddington has serious trouble summoning up the menace necessary to be a really detestable bad guy . 
since then , she made the career - killing decision of appearing opposite bruce willis in the color of night , which exploited her every acting defiency . tarzan continues this trend . 
of course , no tweaking of the content to change the rating could have saved tarzan and the lost city , since the film 's troubles originated with the script and were propagated all the way down the line 
and , while i 'm not advocating the excesses embraced by the 1981 bo derek version of the story , tarzan deserves a slightly more adult approach than the one used in the embarrassing production . 
truly bottom - of - the - barrel 
( including some laughably bad men in ape costumes - apparently , animatronics were too expensive for this production ) . 
badly conceived and poorly executed , tarzan and the lost city appears headed for a quick trip to video store shelves . 
tarzan and the lost city , the latest attempt to bring edgar rice burrough 's legendary hero to the big screen , is one of the most inept and ill - timed of any tarzan adventure so far . 
i have no idea why the producers chose now to bring back tarzan ; it 's not as if there are legions of new fans clamoring for his next movie . 
with its uninspired action and tepid adventure sequences , the film barely registers a pulse . 
badly conceived and poorly executed , tarzan and the lost city appears headed for a quick trip to video store shelves . 
the story line is pure formula , which has largely been true throughout the years for almost all of the tarzan movies . 
the problem is that this one seems so childish and lifeless . the romantic elements are all contrived - in fact , lady jane 's presence is necessary 
it 's also a depressing waste of talent , with the solid team of michael keaton and andy garcia unthankfully thrown thankless lead roles , not to mention once - cool director barbet schroeder sadly continuing his string of not - cool flicks 
also , the movie is so intent on giving you a hoot - inducing , lip - smacking villain ( the ads have compared peter mccabe to hannibal lechter , natch ) that it completely casts garcia 's frank connor by the dullsville wayside ; " desperate measures " appears to like its antagonist so much more than its protagonist , and the movie 's head - scratcher of a send - off confirms this . 
the movie is a big disappointment , and yet it 's somewhat easy to see what motivated such big names to attach themselves to it -- the premise is both promising and intriguing . too bad the execution 's all wrong , though , because the set - up of " desperate measures " boasts some rather enticing elements that deserve to be put to far better use . 
" desperate measures " is a generic title for a film that 's beyond generic . it 's also a depressing waste of talent , with the solid team of michael keaton and andy garcia unthankfully thrown thankless lead roles , not to mention once - cool director barbet schroeder sadly continuing his string of not - cool flicks 
first and foremost is how cheaply " desperate measures " trades the potential of it 's opening scenes for the routine action ballistics of its final hour . 
it 's also a depressing waste of talent , with the solid team of michael keaton and andy garcia unthankfully thrown thankless lead roles , not to mention once - cool director barbet schroeder sadly continuing his string of not - cool flicks 
once mccabe escapes , the film becomes the fugitive in reverse and with no thrills . 
the movie is a big disappointment , and yet it 's somewhat easy to see what motivated such big names to attach themselves to it -- the premise is both promising and intriguing . too bad the execution 's all wrong , though , because the set - up of " desperate measures " boasts some rather enticing elements that deserve to be put to far better use . 
it goes without saying that " desperate measures " needs an operation of its very own . 
this cast does its best to camouflage the sorry plot as it chugs towards an inevitably happy ending , but most is lost . 
the lack of story background is the least of the movie 's problems . 
what 's needed are more details as to exactly why mccabe is the only bone marrow match that works ; there would seem to be other possible contenders somewhere in the country , and thus many of the ways that connor endangers the lives of himself and those around him by attempting to keep mccabe alive are just a little too hard to swallow . 
the care behind " pretty in pink " and " the breakfast club " all went out the window after his " home alone " franchise heated up the box offices . looking much like " home alone 3 1/2 " , " flubber " even features a couple of vapid goons who get banged around and a cute little boy who screams a lot . 
" although williams turns in one of his least inspired roles , he is easily the most lively of the actors . 
there 's a flying car , flubber - enhanced basketball game and an assortment of broken lab equipment : none of which are the least bit interesting or funny . 
everyone else comes across as half - asleep . 
the biggest change is that , with sophisticated computer animation , we now can have films show off special effects without being at all entertaining 
this guy is beyond forgetful , venturing into the certifiable . 
" flubber " straps him in a straitjacket , covers him with duct tape , stuffs him in a coat closet and piles furniture against the door to make sure that he does n't get out 
there are very few aspects of the film that move the story and those that do do n't make sense . 
still , the core of the story maintains the flatness of a still pond . 
there is no contrast to any of the characters . 
the other characters are walking cardboard cutouts . 
even that aspect of the film fails , throwing in a convenient , ridiculous and unsatisfying wrap to things . 
the lynchpin of the film falls on the redundant and sporadic scenes involving mona ( midler ) . 
ostensibly a murder mystery , drowning mona gives you almost all the clues immediately , then lets you sit back and feel superior as you watch the cast of paper people fumble their way to finding the killer , who could be anyone due to mona 's loving manner with everyone on town . 
you can predict his dialogue before it even plods its way from his mouth . 
there 's no uniqueness or modulation to her or explanation for her meanness . anyone off the street could have played the role , such as it is . 
it 's full of stops and starts and usually , the punch line is ruined . 
what makes it all the more remarkable is that i rarely remember a comedy making me so angry for wasting my time at it 's ineptitude . 
the film does n't even have the goofball charm of chris elliott 's recent no - brainer cabin boy . 
unfortunately , this fact was forgotten by the makers of the carrey comedy 
as it stands , ace ventura is n't even good kid 's stuff . 
he 's just lame 
hurt , the black hole of excitement , sucks up any energy that might have been left . if hurt were available in tablet form , he would be a prescription strength sleeping pill . 
it 's hard to tell who deserves the most blame - the incredibly bland and corny characters or the horrifically lame script ? 
the stars that the less impressive actors hurtle thru as they try to find their way home . 
they could 've had a white cardboard cutout with the word mom printed on it . 
just has too many shortcomings to ever be considered a work of cinematic art , with numerous contradictions ( the time travel aspect was horribly flawed ! ) , wooden and corny acting , worse dialogue , and an ending so disappointing , you 'd be happier to have seen the entire robinson family get blown to smithereens . 
what an awful note to end on , knowing there could be more of this in a year or two . 
but alas , if you thought a character could n't be much worse , there was rogers as the epitome of generic 
, danger potential movie goers ! danger ! this movie crash lands without ever breaking thru the atmosphere of mediocrity . 
the attempt to be family oriented is commendable , but lost in space is lost with the illusion that special effects and the nostalgia of a classic tv series being revisited is enough to satisfy all age groups . 
( make sense ? ) , it makes you want to shove his ass out the escape pod corridor without an escape pod . 
unfortunately , oldman is locked away for most of the film , giving us nothing but ample mocking opportunities to enjoy . 
as for the audience , you will likely be lost in boredom by this point , wondering if the plot , like the jupiter 2 , will ever get off the ground . 
, more like a falling star . kinda pretty , short - lived , and pretty much dead . lost in space , as if you really did n't know , is based on the 60 's sci - fi television series of the same name . 
in yet another example of a " friend " faltering on the big screen , leblanc is so incredibly dull and yet so obviously trying so hard to be so incredibly charming 
just beating a grumpy old horse . ( you can add lemmon 's " my fellow americans , " i . 
neil simon , the award - winning playwright who created oscar and felix , provides the screenplay , which is a shock , because the script is a piece of talentless hackwork from beginning to end 
the grumpiest old men of all , really " ) seems just another entry in a tired series . 
we can write her off as a bitch . 
except for a few bright moments of good verbal comedy , that old feeling is embarrassing to sit through . 
lilly 's husband is a new - age flake who rambles about " emotional valet parking , " so we can write him off as irrelevant 
but still , that somehow does n't justify the actions of the movie 's main characters . 
molly 's husband is a career - conscious , self - centered republican politician who thinks she 's too fat ( and just for good measure , he also fucked dan 's wife ) , so we can write him off as a prick 
we are supposed to be rooting for these creeps . 
other than that , it 's a standard romantic comedy with a very substandard gimmick . 
i 'm no dan quayle , but i thought it was a bit creepy 
the actors are mostly mobile wooden statues . 
the alien is laughable . 
the rest of the characters are the dullest people imaginable 
no one seems to care about anything that happens . you wo n't either . the absolutely worst sin is the blatant product placement as dr . 
and it 's all so boring . there are so many scenes that just do n't work , it 's difficult to begin . 
toward the end of the film i think everything that has been built falls apart . 
it may not be clear to the viewer why i am so negative on this film for most of the running time 
as with any david lynch film there is strange material added for little reason . 
he just chooses not to . 
the suspenseless bride of chucky relies mostly on jennifer tilly 's cleavage to keep attention during the first half , and on occasional puns to keep attention during the second half . 
the suspenseless bride of chucky relies mostly on jennifer tilly 's cleavage to keep attention during the first half , and on occasional puns to keep attention during the second half . 
opinion : bride of chucky is an attempt at horror with humor , but does n't succeed . 
the suspenseless bride of chucky relies mostly on jennifer tilly 's cleavage to keep attention during the first half , and on occasional puns to keep attention during the second half . 
those movies were probably as bad as lost in space , but at the time , they were manna from heaven . 
still , that the film has the robinson patriarch as our hero shows a lack of imagination . 
that 's pretty generous , considering the movie 's camp lacked any hint of tongue in cheek 
this silly waste of money reminded me of bugs bunny 's barber chair , and only shows that the future is a time when spaceship designers have n't learned a thing about ergonomics . 
and when a robinson is called upon to deliver a line about warp conduit thingamajigs , they inevitably stumble badly enough to embarrass even the lowliest star trek ensign . second worst , and closely related , is the screenplay . 
but if that 's the best part of the movie , i ca n't in good conscience recommend it . 
once the story gets going , i do concede a momentary burst of interest once in a while , but on the whole , the situations that arise are silly and contrived . 
now for the bad news . worst and most unforgivable was the incredibly bad dialogue . 
i was glad i did n't dish out $ 7 to waste three hours of my time sitting in a bad theatre watching a bad movie . this movie really sucks . it had so many inconsistencies it was driving me crazy ! ! 
it was n't his best 
the songs are bad , the acting is bad 
jackie shroff looked really stupid with his steven seagal ponytail . 
( especially deepti bhatnagar 's ) , and the direction is the worst of all . 
just made me want to throw up . i did n't even finish the movie . . . i could n't take it anymore . note : but if anyone out there liked aatish ( by the same director ) , i guess you 'd like this movie . 
i could go on for pages ripping this movie apart , but do n't want to bore you too badly 
, we are left with a movie with a thin plot at best , no strong lead characters , a blatant disregard for physics , and a very obvious naziesque theme . 
when it comes to blood , gore and body parts shown on the screen , it blissfully jumps over that line , apparently unaware that the movie trailers appeal to an audience of five to fifteen year olds ( of which i saw many in the theatre ) . looking past the appalling sight of overdone violence 
in short , i felt as if i were subjected to a mix between a pro - nazi war film with bugs substituted for allies , a drivers education accident scene film , and a complete blank screen ( the plot , of course ) . 
starship troopers is a bad movie . i mean , a really , really , bad movie . not only does it cross the line of bad taste 
i would n't recommend this movie to anyone , anywhere , under any circumstance . 
when it comes to blood , gore and body parts shown on the screen , it blissfully jumps over that line , apparently unaware that the movie trailers appeal to an audience of five to fifteen year olds ( of which i saw many in the theatre ) . looking past the appalling sight of overdone violence 
given it 's non - existence , i may have anyway . 
despite the drek it 's been designed to accompany . 
one of the ten worst movies ever made . 
this movie bungles two out of three , badly . 
what 's funny is that the peripheral characters in the hunted are not sterotypes -- there 's a nice little scene with a tokyo cabdriver , and a girl in a pachinko parlor -- but many of the main characters are unsalveageably hateful . 
the script does n't know what the hell to do with them . 
we no longer care . 
this is , of course , only the beginning of the movie 's problems . 
there is an extended battle scene in the middle of the movie that is almost reason enough to watch the whole thing -- a gory , excellently staged fight on the bullet train that shows some real imagination for a moment , and then smothers it by trying to clumsily re - couple the whole thing with the movie 's relentlessly stupid plot . 
the hunted is such a bad movie , so completely inept and so totally brain - damaged that i could almost feel affection for it . 
lone , as the bad guy , is zero - dimensional . 
in the hunted , this is elevated to the level of an insulting stereotype . 
i could see myself showing this movie to friends and getting a good jolly guffaw out of it , if it were n't also insanely xenophobic and insulting 
gurgle , * sniff * , awwwww 
like , drill , darn it , drill ! ! ! and , let 's have inept people destroy the mir space station ! ! ca n't you hear your heart beating ! ? and steve buscemi goes crazy and starts shooting at people ! ! 
knee - slap ! ! is n't this just so , so , funny ! ? 
this ca n't be any old thriller -- we must have an asteroid , the size of texas head straight for earth ! ! and , and , we must have beautiful scenic worldwide shots , like paris , blown up . and , and , we must have peoples of all colors , nations , and religions , join hand in hand for one final , hopeful , hug . 
spewing more one - liners about minors and strippers . 
it has a tiny rock land directly in the middle of a heated argument in new york city ! ! and , chuckle , chuckle , one of those new yorkers , _ survives _ , with charcoal all over his face ! ! snorkle , * sniff * , hiccup 
this ca n't be any old thriller -- we must have an asteroid , the size of texas head straight for earth ! ! and , and , we must have beautiful scenic worldwide shots , like paris , blown up . and , and , we must have peoples of all colors , nations , and religions , join hand in hand for one final , hopeful , hug . 
what drama ! ! 
any film that could take the indie - films ' most valuable talents , and throw it all away with a bruce willis vehicle , a hundred - million dollar budget , but have cheap - o sets and lousy special effects , is , bottom line , living proof that hell exists , and has made a multi - picture deal with universal . 
the final sequence , where muslims in prostrate worship stand up -- in domino fashion -- to cheer the victory , filled me with such emotional goo that i wanted to , to , to rip the screen into shreds ! ! 
* forbidden lovers * ben affleck and liv tyler , with , with , animal crackers ! and it has will patton as a long lost husband trying to reunite with his separated wife and child , who thinks he 's a salesman ! 
* ben affleck and liv tyler , with , with , animal crackers ! and it has will patton as a long lost husband trying to reunite with his separated wife and child , who thinks he 's a salesman ! 
( it was over ) . 
today the movie studios want to take over my critical review , and somehow persuade 
it stars bruce willis , who has a hundred one - liners ! it has a tiny rock land directly in the middle of a heated argument in new york city ! ! and , chuckle , chuckle , one of those new yorkers , _ survives _ , with charcoal all over his face ! ! snorkle , * sniff * , hiccup 
in the midst of all the action , the terseness , the one - liners , the fake sets , the overall waste of time , i recognized matt malloy playing an underwritten nasa technician ( " malloy , give me a reading " ) . remember him ? 
capsule review : a question : after the floating baby ruth that was waterworld , what in the @$&% were the hollywood execs who gave kevin costner the money to make another post - apocalyptic movie thinking ? 
i was reduced to sitting on my hands to keep from clawing out my own eyes . mark this one " return to sender " . 
i was reduced to sitting on my hands to keep from clawing out my own eyes . mark this one " return to sender " . 
deserves recognition for : achieving the near - impossible task of making a grander monument to self - love than steven seagal 's on deadly ground . 
insert proverbial downward spiral here . 
starring ben stiller , elizabeth hurley , maria bello , janeane garofalo screenplay by david veloz , based on the novel by jerry stahl directed by david veloz permanent midnight is a pretty bad movie , though it took me a few days to conclude this . 
ultimately , as adapted by veloz , jerry stahl comes off as one of those playground braggarts who chainsmokes at the age of twelve ; you are less mystified by his self - destructive nature than bored into a stupor yourself . 
but permanent midnight is mostly soulless . 
as stahl , stiller displays none of the charm or wit one would expect 
, could a person care less ? 
while this movie has some nice visually eerie effects , too much of it 's impact had to be generated with extreme close - ups , while the level of suspense was choppy at best . 
close - up thrill - shots such as these seemed to elicit more laughter from the audience rather than genuine fear , which is a pretty good sign that you 're not watching the thriller that the director had originally envisioned 
the horror that i experienced from this film is realizing that i actually went to see it . 
so unaware of the trouble that they 're in , that you stop caring 
it could have been a clever whodunit , but discovering who ultimately was the killer made me just shrug my shoulders . 
the only redeeming aspect of the movie is that i now have a neat idea for a halloween costume , but i 'm not sure if the local costume store sells rubber slickers and hooks . 
there is so much more that this movie could have been , but decided to give us nothing but cheap thrills . 
here 's an example of some of the film 's flat - out stupidity . 
" it 's not , however , hard to see why it sat on the shelf for so long . it should have stayed there . 
i suspect that one wrote a sexy thriller , one wrote a murder mystery , and one wrote a comedy , then director roland joff ? tried to piece it all together in the editing room while scratching his head in bewilderment . 
degeneres is horrible and her character is even worse , a tough - talking vulgar cop with a bad wardrobe and bad hair . 
although there are some genuine surprises , the plot twists get too contrived too quickly . 
every single word out of her mouth is supposed to be racy and hip , but her incessant wisecracking is poorly - written and merely stupid . 
it 's a mess . 
( see : " lost highway , " " true romance " ) while quoting embarrassing lines like " i 'm not wearing any underwear . 
to give away too much of the plot would all but ruin a film that has very little going for it outside of its numbing plot twists and multiple triple - crosses . 
another of her stiletto - heeled , platinum blonde bombshell roles 
certainly missable . 
despite the appearance of a whipped cream bikini or the all - night strip - club party , there 's nothing even remotely tantalizing . the acting is mostly mediocre , not including the fantastic jon voight . 
everything herein has already been done , and if it has n't , the movie manages to botch it one way or another . 
most regions of the country are not nearly as football - crazy as texas , and so the atmosphere is likely to be lost on most . similarly , the set design is wrong for a high school setting : the teams are decked out with sparkling uniforms , radio headsets ( which never seem to work , however , and instead require coaches to signal plays manually ) , and even a giant bronze statue of coach kilmer . 
this focus is further emphasized by the casting : james van der beek , of tv 's " dawson 's creek , " is an understandable choice for the reluctant hero , although he never manages to do anything with the role . 
there 's not much that goes right about varsity blues , and there 's not much to like about it , either . 
the sex is just bad . 
those two items , wrapped in a guilty - pleasure package , are sure to snare a sizeable box office chunk initially , but sales will decline for two reasons . 
most regions of the country are not nearly as football - crazy as texas , and so the atmosphere is likely to be lost on most . similarly , the set design is wrong for a high school setting : the teams are decked out with sparkling uniforms , radio headsets ( which never seem to work , however , and instead require coaches to signal plays manually ) , and even a giant bronze statue of coach kilmer . 
cage appears to realize that con air is going to be utterly dim - witted and ridiculous , and that he 's going to have to do something to keep himself entertained . 
in fact , con air usually opts for too much of something when the tiniest measure of restraint would have been an improvement -- too many characters , too much editing , too many dopey punch lines , too much of the cheap , ugly appeals to machismo which characterize too many bruckheimer efforts . 
it is that kind of exhausting excess to which cage is responding with his detached performance . 
earnest , cage looks like he just wants to go to sleep . 
that sense of discovery has been replaced by a wry self - awareness . 
it is that kind of exhausting excess to which cage is responding with his detached performance . 
what he does n't deliver is a moment of suspense . 
the story was thin , the conclusion was laughable 
unfortunately for us , a big bore ! plot : a hotshot doctor brings three insomniacs to an old , spooky mansion for controlled testing . 
it took waaaaay too long to get going , provided very little meat in the plot , went way past its own bedtime , and basically relied on grunts , the muttering of children 's voices and over - the - top special effects , to scare us . 
neeson was also wasted as the smart , british guy . 
well , they sure were nice to look at , but not for a moment did one of them scare , or even for a split - second , have me believe that they were anything more than hollywood special gadgetry 
see it for zeta - jones , or if you like special effects and scary movies that take forever to get going , and provide very little payback , otherwise skip it and check out the original or the ultimate movie about spooky homes from the netherworld , the shining . 
how 'bout giving them a little more than one - liners as dimension . 
well , this film did n't do much for me . 
critique : this movie just did n't scare me one bit 
( oh , how witty . ) 
the main culprit behind the hideousness of 102 dalmatians is its predecessor , 101 dalmatians . 
at this point , i was envying those kids filing out of the theater . 
it 's always a bad sign when the core audience of a film -- children -- are either walking out early or are half - asleep when the credits roll at the end of a film . 
that about sums up the dreadful ugliness of 102 dalmatians , a cold pea soup of cute animals , stupid home alone antics , a boring puppy love subplot between dumb humans , and glenn close reprising her best joan crawford impression . 
it 's almost laughable in a sadistic way to watch close walk around in costumes that seem to be pulled from the wardrobe of flash gordon . and depardieu . . . 
it 's always a bad sign when the core audience of a film -- children -- are either walking out early or are half - asleep when the credits roll at the end of a film . 
indeed , walt disney is rolling over in his grave again , cursing john hughes ' name for making the original live - action 101 dalmatians , one of the worst kiddie flicks of all time , and now its sequel . 
that about sums up the dreadful ugliness of 102 dalmatians , a cold pea soup of cute animals , stupid home alone antics , a boring puppy love subplot between dumb humans , and glenn close reprising her best joan crawford impression . 
equally tenuous is its other running joke , which involves one of his friends ( guy torry ) who constantly complains that everyone is treating him too nicely because he 's black . 
it 's too bad that she 's in such a mediocre offering 
the animal " is a marginally inspired comedy that only manages to lumber along , generating just enough momentum to keep it from stalling . it 's clunky and slow , like watching an 18-wheeler trying to accelerate up a hill . there are certainly better things you can do with your time . 
this element does n't work the first time it 's mentioned , and it becomes increasingly trite with every recurrence . 
however , the spirit of the film takes a raunchy turn , and instead , marvin spends most of his time trying to subdue or satiate his voracious appetite and his animalistic , sexual urges . 
( and it took her no time at all to get a good - fitting , functional prosthesis . ) lack of attention to detail 
anabella sciorra is wasted in her role as romeo 's wife . 
there 's plenty more to tear apart in this film . 
this film does n't even add up the large details . there is little or no consistency in the story - line . not much makes sense . the direction lacks cohesion , surprising from a director whose previous credits are impeccable . 
just not a good one . or an intelligent one . 
what a woman ! lena olin 's performance is the only glimmer in this dismal film . 
juliette lewis , as romeo 's girlfriend , is treated with the same cliche attitudes , although ms . 
both women were anything but sexy or attractive . poorly developed characters aside , the screenplay also suffers from several logistical problems . it is so discouraging to watch a film and want to shout at the main character ( not ) to do something . 
54 is dull , perfunctory , uninspired , and boring . 
steve rubell is the owner of studio 54 , and if christopher had focused on him , then myers could have forced a good film out of this wreck all by himself . 
frankly , i do n't care . 
only myers , by sheer force of talent , manages to rise above christopher 's wading - pool of a script . 
most of the film is dumb , and most of the dialogue is inane 
why his " friends " push him into drugs is never really explained , but the fact that they are " friends " is questioned only is superficial ways 
what it lacks is everything that made boogie nights great : depth , intelligence , energy , fascinating characters , and challenging themes . 
there is nothing in it -- not a glimpse of depth , nor a shimmer of intelligence or insight . there is no electricity in any of the scenes , or a moment of interest in the story or its subplots . 
and it 's underdeveloped , and features an array of bland characters played by actors who think they 're in this year 's boogie nights . 
54 ca n't even measure up to the last days of disco , which is flawed , but still smart and entertaining . 
i guess he was picked for the color of his hair and the shape of his body , but he seems pretty lanky to me . he 's all wrong for a lead role , but it does n't help that christopher has forgotten to develop his characters . 
in any event , 54 is pallid without the contrast . 
so , do n't forget those key words : dull , perfunctory , uninspired , and boring . 
he seems dumb and misguided , and his voice never changes tone . 
alas , we are instead guided to endure 
based on this film , i do n't know how he got a job in the business 
meyer is endearing , but allowed to be no deeper than cardboard . 
54 is dull , perfunctory , uninspired , and boring . 
it 's remarkably bad timing , i 'd say , to release a film this tedious after a couple of noteworthy pictures of the same kind . 
and it 's underdeveloped , and features an array of bland characters played by actors who think they 're in this year 's boogie nights . 
besides , christopher keeps the lights so low that the sets are invisible , anyway . aside from myers ' performance , 54 is a complete failure . it 's dull , perfunctory , uninspired , and boring . 
it does n't even work as mindless entertainment : it 's so shallow that the most escapist viewers are likely to dismiss it . 
rubell has been written just as depthless as the rest of the characters , but myers is good enough to inject subtleties that help round out the performance . 
and phillippe has almost no presence whatsoever ; this performance pales in comparison to mark whalberg 's star - making role in boogie nights . 
hayek is an energetic , talented young actress , and does almost nothing here . 
the rest of the performances are wasted . 
i do n't know if this film went into production after boogie nights was released , but christopher has managed to plagiarize paul thomas anderson 's brilliant work in every possible way , from the framework of the plot down to the style of the cinematography . 
i would avoid baby geniuses at all costs . 
, i was howling in laughter due to the inane stupidity of the script . there are supporting characters who have no personality whatsoever ; their entire existence is based on punch lines . 
the writing behind this project is embarrassing 
there is so much crap derived from this premise , despite the fact it 's virtually identical to the plot in look who 's talking ! 
then again , i do n't suppose any performer could handle the uneven material without looking incredibly stupid . 
you may be scarred for life after seeing this petrified piece of garbage , which is so disarmingly horrible that it may cause you to ponder it 's hollywood existence . 
peter macnicol and kim cattrall , as an unwilling couple who have adopted sylvester 's twin , are both miscast . 
i also found it disturbing that the babies in this film have attitude and endless 90 's knowledge , quoting numerous movies and insulting their adult captors . 
the effects in baby geniuses ( similar to the talking animals in babe ) are pathetic , the editing is a disaster , and the jokes are never funny . 
the effects in baby geniuses ( similar to the talking animals in babe ) are pathetic , the editing is a disaster , and the jokes are never funny . 
it 's a shock when writers will stoop this low just to draw cheap laughs by using john hughes ' familiar home alone formula . 
the effects in baby geniuses ( similar to the talking animals in babe ) are pathetic , the editing is a disaster , and the jokes are never funny . 
or perhaps you would consider going diving in shark - infested waters . anything to avoid this painful movie . 
to make time pass , the creators have inserted several " refreshing " scientific details , that would not convince a half - crazed frog . 
david mamet 's dialogue , while trying to seem natural , is distant and simply fake . 
the result is more like an unsuccessful mutation of kubrick 's " 2001 : a space odyssey " , " apollo 13 " and " godzilla " . 
i send the actors my condolences , since they truly do try to transform into their undeveloped and dull characters . 
no one with a healthy imagination can come up with something like this . 
sometimes it gets so cheesy , that you 'll start laughing when you 're supposed to cry and cry when you 're supposed to laugh . 
as we follow this expedition to mars and watch them slowly float in space , the hardest thing to do is stay awake . the film 's major problem is that it tries to seem more clever than it is . 
unfortunately their hard work was in vain . if you have problems with insomnia , i recommend you this film . 
it consists of multiple copies and direct ripp - offs from several great science fiction films and stories . 
it falls flat because of its uncovered stupidity . 
it is not a very good achievement . 
and the possibilities are certainly there , but the result is a great disaster . 
i send the actors my condolences , since they truly do try to transform into their undeveloped and dull characters . 
mercifully the movie drags to a final confrontation in times square , trying unsuccessfully to build tension to the countdown toward the year 2000 . 
nobody can save this bomb from it 's own stupidity and arrogance in filmmaking and arrogance in believing that this is a positive religious - type of film . 
the only trouble with all these high - budget action sequences , was that it lacked purpose and even entertainment value . the story was so terrible and inaccurate , that it did not have an iota of value or credibility . 
with logic like that , this film might even think it pulled the wool over the viewer 's eyes and got away with such a febrile explanation of the occult . 
this film should become a classic used by film schools in how not to make a horror film . 
it 's just a pile of dreck . . . an ill - conceived exploitive project , a pyrotechnical film . 
it features an idiotic script , a hack director , and a one - dimensional star who is past his prime . . . which makes this film dumber than dumb , plus it 's not funny , not campy , or is it in the least bit entertaining . it 's just dreary and unwatchable . . . 
he quickly finds christine and does everything to protect her from all the evil forces around her , as the film includes ludicrous helicopter rescues , people jumping out of windows , satan taking a piss and dropping a match to kill arnold 's partner as the piss explodes like gasoline , satan being fired at . . . resulting in his sometimes experiencing pain and sometimes nothing , as if the director forgot which way he wants to have it . 
even the characters could n't have been written more absurdly . 
" to that i say , you can give mariah carey a movie , but that certainly do n't mean it should be done . 
so much of the dialogue is so hackneyed and watered down for carey 's virginal target audience that it 's probably impossible for any actor to pull it off with aplomb . 
and , it pains me that mariah carey -- with her ego and sanity in such fragile condition these days , as evidenced by her multiple hospital stays -- will have to suffer through all the negative reviews she 's likely to get . but , then again , i had to suffer through her movie . 
after enduring mariah carey 's film debut , glitter , i 'm reminded of a bit from chris rock 's bigger and blacker . 
but you have to wonder if the writing is n't even worse . 
what a mistake . 
so much of the dialogue is so hackneyed and watered down for carey 's virginal target audience that it 's probably impossible for any actor to pull it off with aplomb . 
in predictably rapid succession , billie and dice fall for each other , she starts hitting it big , dice gets jealous and starts acting like an ass , and suddenly billie 's on " the roller coaster of superstardom . 
" ( max beesley playing a bad mix of puff daddy and robert de niro ) , hears her sing on a track , and decides to make her a star . 
which brings us to the performances , of which there 's nothing good that can be said 
the brief attempts at comic relief -- as in a scene where an effeminate russian - sounding director gets wacky with filming billie 's first music video -- go over like lead balloons . 
worse yet 
sure , there are plenty of pop star film vehicles out there -- from the beatles ' a hard day 's night to the spice girls ' spice world -- but none have been so vapidly pointless or laughable as glitter . 
there 's so much wrong with this film . and , it pains me that mariah carey -- with her ego and sanity in such fragile condition these days , as evidenced by her multiple hospital stays -- will have to suffer through all the negative reviews she 's likely to get . 
the film is inexplicably set in the 80s , 
everything about this complete tripe is ludicrous . 
" everyone in the film is a device , and it 's painful to keep watching just to see another one appear . 
it features an accomplished actor and a potentially engrossing story , but it 's as dull as could be . hunter " patch " adams ' ( robin williams ) desire to become a doctor 
something holds him back . most of the rest of the cast is two - dimensional . for a film that champions seeing patients as human beings , it 's curious that the ones here are cardboard characters 
that 's what makes his failure here so remarkable . 
it is a patchwork of every manipulative scene you can think of . 
the " doctors are not gods " theme will resonate with a number of people , but it 's so poorly produced that no one will care . 
most of the rest of the cast is two - dimensional . for a film that champions seeing patients as human beings , it 's curious that the ones here are cardboard characters 
even the scene where he and another mental patient are battling fierce imaginary squirrels falls flat . 
the audience is blatantly lead by a ring in its nose from scene to scene . 
worst of all is the final courtroom bit . 
most of the blame must be placed with the director tom shadyac and screenwriter steve oedekerk . 
we 're not left to our own emotional decisions : we 're hit over the head with them . shaved - headed children with cancer , an elderly woman whom patch makes laugh , a beautiful woman who ca n't love because of her abusive history . 
williams makes a supposedly impassioned speech about the humanity of all . 
unfortunately he 's in the film for only about two minutes . 
young einstein is embarrassingly lame , but that did n't stop it from becoming a phenomenon in australia , where it became the third largest box office hit of all time . 
but after the first twenty minutes , the movie quickly plummets and degenerates into a poor excuse for a comedy . 
his creation is about as stupid and contrived as you 'd expect from someone named yahoo . 
in fact , young einstein might have been more at home on network television , where its sophomoric humor would n't raise any eyebrows . 
the music is altogether gratuitous and quickly becomes overbearing . 
the one - dimensional characterization loses its novelty faster than you can say e 
young einstein is hampered by its lethargic pace and inane plot . 
: the comedy takes its roots not from whimsical film fantasies ( such as young sherlock holmes ) but from cheesy prime - time sitcoms . 
halfway through young einstein , i knew for sure the movie was a stinker . 
although nearly all the regulars appear , they seem to be just going through the motions . none of the high spirits of the earlier films are apparent here . just a selection of crude jokes and repititive double - entendres . 
the jokes are bluer , the script is poorer 
the look of the movie is as bland 
following in the foot steps of mtv 's two other live action films , joe 's apartment ( 1996 ) and dead man on campus ( 1998 ) , varsity blues is a bad film and is unlikely to cause much of a sensation in the marketplace . 
but it 's not as impressive as one would expect from a mtv film . 
director brian robbins previously helmed the kids feature good burger ( from nickelodeon films , a sister company of mtv ) and changes directions here a bit but still fails to make much of an impression . 
the football scenes are generally unexciting and the entire film looks a bit washed out . 
the other adults are all notably awful while the younger performers do n't fare much better 
the other adults are all notably awful while the younger performers do n't fare much better 
voight is a terror as he chews up every single piece of scenery and spits it out . 
nothing about varsity blues is inspired and the whole film simply moves through the sort of conventional motions that coach kilmer would love . 
there 's a chance for some smart satire on small town obsessions but the humor here is decidedly lowbrow 
a contrived , shallow 4 . as a screwball satire , it 's strictly superficial . 
after six months under the care of a depak chopra - like guru ( alan arkin ) , cusack 's character 's too emotionally fragile , lacking the necessary charisma . 
basically , we do n't like these ego - driven , stereotypical characters , let alone root for them to unwind their romantic entanglements , and joe roth 's direction is predictable , formulaic and telegraphic 
basically , we do n't like these ego - driven , stereotypical characters , let alone root for them to unwind their romantic entanglements , and joe roth 's direction is predictable , formulaic and telegraphic 
crystal 's glib , cynical flack is n't wickedly funny enough with a few amusing one - liners . 
but the laughs are few and far - between . 
susan granger 's review of " america 's sweethearts " ( columbia / sony ) what a waste of a talented cast ! 
zeta - jones 's vain , narcissistic diva is undeveloped and one - dimensional . 
a contrived , shallow 4 . as a screwball satire , it 's strictly superficial . 
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " jeepers creepers " is a fiendishly visceral 2 with an extraordinarily gruesome conclusion , giving new meaning to the old song " jeepers creepers . 
susan granger 's review of " jeepers creepers " ( mgm / ua entertainment ) this nasty , little horror film begins as a bickering brother ( justin long ) and sister ( gina philips ) are driving through the desolate countryside on their way home from college and spy a man dropping wrapped - up bodies down a drainage pipe . 
the love story between the simple girl waiting to get married and her luckless boyfriend turning nasty on her does n't mean much , since their relationship remained undeveloped . 
the director must be kidding himself if he thinks we do 
as for ray 's gambling debt and his dilemma of how to pay it off , the story is too predictable for anything other than what you would expect to happen . 
and the film ends on an obligatory artistic note of ambiguity , that seems to be the way it is for all those wannabe artistic films , as ray is off to florida all by his lonesome self to try to put his life together . 
you should be aware that there are a lot of things about this film that do n't make sense : its constant brainless chatter between the buddies , their uneventful growing pains , and the despair of their lives , make it very difficult to feel any empathy for them . 
you should be aware that there are a lot of things about this film that do n't make sense : its constant brainless chatter between the buddies , their uneventful growing pains , and the despair of their lives , make it very difficult to feel any empathy for them . 
there was just no energy or spark or anything relevant in this superficial film to keep it interesting , though adrien brody showed signs that he could be a future star . 
there is nothing i have seen so far to like about ray . 
the introduction of the wise - guy angle and the loyality among buddies bit , are not moving enough emotional experiences or intelligent enough dramatics to elevate this film above its limited story line despite the tour - de - force performance by the star of the film , adrien brody as ray . 
it is old news . 
and as for freeman , kiss the girls is his second dog in a year : first chain reaction , now this . 
but the script is beyond rescue . 
oh please ! kiss the girls is based on the novel by james patterson and written for the screen by one david klass . 
thus , ashly judd comes across all out of focus , instead of being the heart of the story . 
while the notion of a psycho 's victims being smart , successful women is an interesting twist , the execution is n't even half as good as the idea . 
but what can he do with material as resolutely mediocre as this ? 
whatever the case , it 's the writing that 's clearly at fault here . 
one , these characters have very little to say that 's engaging or interesting . 
for an actor of his calibre , this is most worrying . 
come on hollywood , surprise me . stop giving us these poorly written thrillers with banal dialogue , sketchy characters and plots as predictable as the sunset . 
some atrociously written casual exchanges between her and several male characters are supposed to remind us that she 's the no - bullshit 90 's type , but these conversations barely register . 
some atrociously written casual exchanges between her and several male characters are supposed to remind us that she 's the no - bullshit 90 's type , but these conversations barely register . 
two , the script has no sense of humour . 
this is a further abandonment of the source material . 
burton chooses visceral thrills over cerebral ones at almost every turn . this is a miscalculation , as characters so lacking in empathy value are difficult ones to place much emotional investment in . 
the much anticipated re - adaptation of the pierre boulle novel comes to the screen as a dark and a little dreary film with lots of chases and fighting , but very little intelligence . 
that score and the whole film will be remembered when the 2001 film is forgotten . 
one final visual problem is that the film frequently shows its budget in what should be spectacular battle scenes the camera shows us only a small group of people close - up . since the days of lon chaney and boris karloff few actors have crossed over to stardom in a role that required heavy make - up . 
in 2029 leo davidson ( mark wahlberg , not this world 's most expressive actor ) works on a space station increasing the intelligence and usefulness of apes . 
what does not work is the wire- assisted leaps some of the apes make . 
the effect is lost . 
the fact it does not occur to leo and apparently did n't occur to tim burton either is the heart of the real horror of this film . 
that makes it a film without much center . , 0 ( -4 to +4 ) 
it turns out that one of the teens had been attacked by jason earlier in her life ( which must have been between parts 1 and 2 ) so why she has returned to crystal lake one day after a new batch of murders is beyond me 
oh well . 
meanwhile , paltrow does her best to get through her dialogue without gaping at the stupidity of some of her lines , and schaech attempts a passable imitation of an inanimate object . 
that 's not the case with really bad thrillers like this , which fail to generate even a momentary heart palpitation -- the characters are too bland and the plot is too uninvolving for anyone in the audience to care . 
beyond that point , hush is just a series of increasingly hard - to - swallow coincidences , contrivances , and moronic plot twists . 
i hated it . 
of course , since schaech 's character is poorly - developed and badly acted , it 's impossible to say how he feels about being in that situation . 
either there was some serious last - minute editing or someone left out a few pages of the script . 
that 's about it for character development . 
indeed , the title of this movie probably refers to what the producers hope viewers will do in lieu of telling their friends what they really think of this sorry piece of celluloid . 
lange is so bad here that she might have been fun to watch if the rest of the film was n't such a prime example of motion picture tedium . 
hush has three very simple problems : it 's incredibly dumb , it 's incredibly boring , and it 's incredibly predictable 
this film has absolutely nothing to recommend it , with the exception of a couple of nice shots of snow - covered fields and a quick glimpse of gwyneth paltrow 's bare buttocks . 
however , the first 85 minutes are just a warm - up for the ending , which is as anticlimactic as it is profoundly dissatisfying . 
lange is so bad here that she might have been fun to watch if the rest of the film was n't such a prime example of motion picture tedium . 
frankly , it 's embarrassing to watch a respected actress of lange 's stature give a performance like this -- it 's like a bad blanche dubois ( the role she played in a 1995 tv version of a streetcar named desire ) . 
viewers invest something in every movie they watch , no matter how good or bad it is . cheating them like this is offensive and unpardonable . 
but there 's a bigger issue 
opinion : it 's a movie about an embittered creep teaching a little kid to be a jerk , and we all get cheap laughs 
there 's probably nothing more pathetic and unsettling than the sight of a theater full of unsupervised little eight year olds laughing raucously as movie character father adam sandler jokes about a woman 's " ice cold tits . " 
returns to its documentary style , but at that point any lingering sense that wood had the slightest idea what he was doing is pretty much gone . 
( to put it kindly ) 
wood also makes copious use of mostly irrelevant stock footage , which leads to voiced - over non - sequiturs like , " yes , our world is a busy and frightening place , with so many people driving their automobiles . 
had pretty much cemented its place in my mind as the most incoherent film i had ever seen . 
the film wanders to a dumb happy ending that also seems to abandon much of what it was trying to say about transvestitism , but at that point it did n't matter much what happened . as soon as the aforementioned sex scene was over , glen or glenda ? 
i honestly think that if i picked up my camcorder and deliberately tried to make the worst movie i possibly could , it still might not match glen or glenda ? for sheer cinematic disaster . 
expecting to see a good movie , but this screwy discourse about transvestitism betrays a level of incompetence that i did n't know was possible . 
it eats little boys . . . and puppy dogs ' tails . . . and big fat snails ! " a bizarre nightmare sequence , which is probably meant to be symbolic but instead is just incredibly stupid , ensues , during which glen / glenda finds his fiance trapped under a fallen tree - in the living room . 
" the camera work is terrible - occasionally the camera lingers on , say , a closed door while the characters talk off - screen , or inexplicably zooms in on someone 's ear or nose . 
the movie starts out as what mostly seems like a bad documentary , with endless , repetitive narration about transvestites , how difficult it is for a transvestite to look at his girlfriend 's clothes without being able to wear them , how transvestites are not necessarily homosexuals , and how the main character , glen / glenda is ( as it reminds us probably half a dozen times ) " not half man and half woman , but man and woman at the same time . 
in fact , wood 's infamous plan 9 from outer space actually seems pretty tame by comparison . 
it is unintentionally hilarious . 
unfortunately , he then wanders so far off into left field that you have to wonder if he had been eating some funny mushrooms when he wrote the script . 
expecting to see a good movie , but this screwy discourse about transvestitism betrays a level of incompetence that i did n't know was possible . 
" the camera work is terrible - occasionally the camera lingers on , say , a closed door while the characters talk off - screen , or inexplicably zooms in on someone 's ear or nose . 
finally , there is occasional commentary from bela lugosi as a sort of omniscient being who seems to inhabit a frankenstein - style laboratory , delivering pointless lines such as , " people . . . 
a poorly done documentary with the occasional inappropriate horror - movie touch . 
the whole thing goes south about an hour in , with the tale taking hairpin turns that i certainly could n't follow 
well , it does n't really matter , 'cause when writer / first - time director jeb stuart ( die hard ) finally spills the beans , you wo n't take his choice seriously anyway . the whole thing goes south about an hour in , with the tale taking hairpin turns that i certainly could n't follow 
the second serial - killer thriller of the month is just awful . 
and through the whole thing there 's quaid , playing with the most intense monotony this side of steven sea- gal . 
the film also features an extremely annoying character by way of the " new - improved " miriam , voiced by the ever - antsy sandra bullock , even though the most irritating thing about her is her tendency to burst into song for no apparent reason ( here bullock is replaced by a singing voice ) . 
i was originally excited about this story element until i saw the movie , where it came off as maudlin . 
it features a moses who , in the interests of making the character more human , lacks any divinity whatsoever , which is n't convincing at all to anyone who knows who god is . 
however , even if one thinks of it as fiction , " the prince of egypt " remains shallow . 
* yawn * i did n't care anymore 
the film also features an extremely annoying character by way of the " new - improved " miriam , voiced by the ever - antsy sandra bullock , even though the most irritating thing about her is her tendency to burst into song for no apparent reason ( here bullock is replaced by a singing voice ) . 
there are other differences as well , such as a lack of important female characters and the passing over of the original pharoah 's death like it 's nothing but a thing . 
the writers and producers took a butcher knife and chop - chopped into the story . 
the film also features an extremely annoying character by way of the " new - improved " miriam , voiced by the ever - antsy sandra bullock , even though the most irritating thing about her is her tendency to burst into song for no apparent reason ( here bullock is replaced by a singing voice ) . 
speaking of which , it contains * very * annoying music . it contains shallow writing . 
more importantly , the movie is entertainingly bad . 
the cast appears to recognize the trashiness of the story , adjusting their performances accordingly . 
advance screenings of the film were denied to all but a few critics , generally a sign that the studio realizes it has a dud on its hands . 
incidentally , if you 're afraid i 'm giving too much away , rest assured that all of this happens in the first 30 minutes of the movie , leaving plenty of time for numerous dopey plot twists , a great deal of operatic acting and more footage of her tits and his ass . 
so is " original sin " really all that bad ? yes it is , but the melodrama does offer some rewards . 
as for thomas jane , he starts off acting suspicious and cagey , then accelerates to a snidely whiplash level of nastiness . 
and if anyone ever questions the difference between real drama and a laughable potboiler , show them " original sin . 
even worse , it plods back and forth , up and down a long and winding road before 
it ends up nowhere . 
you can take that as a solid lack of recommendation . 
jolie also makes a few false moves towards creating a three - dimensional human being before giving up and turning into scenery . 
so lacking in charisma . 
fox fails yet again in his search for intelligent life . 
played partially for comedy and partially as crazed killer , blossom almost becomes real , but then sinks into goofiness . 
and then it goes nowhere . 
most of the time hutton looks as if he 's searching for his character and coming up empty . 
even the cold turkey bit which is rife with dramatic possibilities come across as banal . 
then a bunch of other uninteresting things happen . 
i do n't know why the guy got himself involved in this train wreck 
this is one of the worst love stories i have ever seen on screen , even worse than the one in pearl harbor . 
it 's some nonsense about a chinese law enforcement officer ( li ) sent to paris to investigate a possible drug ring and encounter a corrupt chief of police ( tcheky karyo ) , who kills people and does sinister things with no motivation whatsoever . 
the much touted fight - scenes here are filmed with such unflinching , unrelenting brutality that they are unpleasant to watch . they 're joyless , perfuctory ; li 's rogue chinese detective is more of a killing machine than a hero , a terminator with a black belt instead of a metal skeleton . 
if action scenes in a movie are going to be brutal instead of dazzling , you need a story to justify watching them . 
when they are n't , well , we 're in bad shape . 
kiss of the dragon , jet li 's second consecutive american misfire , plays like one big miscalculation , and fails even as the most rudimentary entertainment . 
the filmmakers behind kiss of the dragon should have rethought their strategy . no one will walk out of this misbegotten project smiling , but i hear rush hour 2 is coming in just a few weeks . 
grows tiresome quickly . 
he has produce a gargantuan film that fails as an action film or as a social satire . 
a long , dull boot camp sequence follows , enlivened only by an extended coed shower scene where the recruits swap snappy banter as the " showgirls " director 's camera roams over their buff bodies . 
michael ironside plays their teacher , who waves around a cheesy fake severed arm while lecturing about civic responsibilities . 
in the hands of verhoeven , the mammoth sci - fi battle flick is one of the most astonishingly bad films ever made , a monument to inept filmmaking on a colossal scale . to put it simply , it 's a bug bomb . 
things go downhill fast , though , as we meet our heroes , a group of buenos aires teens preparing to graduate from high school . 
a phenomenally large amount of money was spent creating the computer animated insects and the results are mixed at best . 
it even fails to be an entertaining bad movie . avoid " starship troopers " at all costs . 
his customary one part satire , two parts ultra - violence formula is way out of whack , and most of the film just flounders 
verhoeven tries to spice things up by throwing in more satiric news coverage , but the faux - jingoistic scenes of children " doing their part for the war effort " by squishing roaches on a sidewalk are n't enough to make up for the long stretches of sheer dreck . 
it even fails to be an entertaining bad movie . avoid " starship troopers " at all costs . 
the attack scenes are intensely violent , as one would expect from verhoeven , but the overall look is too phony to generate any real tension . 
it even fails to be an entertaining bad movie . avoid " starship troopers " at all costs . 
while the action is frantic , the military strategy , wildly illogical even by hollywood standards , 
however , robbin 's performance is nowhere near as good 
although the film is midly funny , and quite watchable , there 's something so horribly familiar about it all . 
there also is n't much chemistry between robbins and lawernce . 
in nothing to lose , there is hardly chemistry at all . 
the gags are predictable , the lack of chemistry infurating , and the ending too far - fetched and ' perfect ' nothing to lose then , is robbin 's first ' bad ' movie ( and hopefully his last ) , and suggests that odereick should twice before making another film . 
, he has no eye for action , he ca n't get even mediocre performances out of actors , and so on . 
capsule : not as bad a sequel as crow 2 or batman & robin , but still horribly putrid , cheesy and ill - conceived . 
while the fight scenes are brutal and eye - popping , the rest of the movie looks like standard made for tv fare . 
it almost made me weep . to sum it all up , rent it on video , and fast - forward through everything except the fight scenes . 
but in today 's industry , it does n't even look finished . 
and for the final blasphemy , the fight that all the fans were waiting rabidly for , the fight hyped to be the most intricate of the movie , lasted about 3 minutes and then just sort of . . . ended . 
unlike the first one , whose sfx were vibrant and somewhat realistic , mk : a 's special effects are bland , fake looking , and overall just plain bad 
i counted at least half a dozen times that blue - screening was painfully obvious . 
the acting is sub - par , which i could endure if it were not for a . ) 
unfortunately for the sequel , we are without the frenetic directorial style of paul anderson . 
hell , i 'm all for the occaisional gravity defying flip kick and whatnot , but not when it happens every few minutes , and is done so poorly . 
most characters had more depth in the video games . 
leonetti , the cinematographer for the original mortal kombat . not a good choice . 
the _ really _ bad parts . 
even worse is the treatment of secondary characters . 
he way overuses slow - motion 
some of the plot elements are just plain stupid . 
, he has no eye for action , he ca n't get even mediocre performances out of actors , and so on . 
but by far his worst move was the way he treated jumping . 
i could say dozens of bad things about him : 
his hyper - erratic behavior is probably supposed to give wife a paranoid edge . instead , he adds to the phoniness . 
if only her name was n't jillian , the makers of this embarrassing bit of sci - fi shlock could have come up with a far more appropriate title : " rosemary 's species . 
" what a shame it is to see such a gifted actress as theron - oscar - worthy in " the devil 's advocate " - struggle with the lamest rip - off of a screendom classic in recent memory . 
" what a shame it is to see such a gifted actress as theron - oscar - worthy in " the devil 's advocate " - struggle with the lamest rip - off of a screendom classic in recent memory . 
" undeserving of such talent , " the astronaut 's wife " manages to be derivative , dull and uninvolving despite its seemingly ripe potential for unintentional laughs . 
the astronaut 's wife " is grave and humor - free , passing its increasingly silly story off as full - fledged serious , right down to an ambiguous finale that is n't even going to satisfy those who 've stayed with it thus far . 
the astronaut 's wife " is grave and humor - free , passing its increasingly silly story off as full - fledged serious , right down to an ambiguous finale that is n't even going to satisfy those who 've stayed with it thus far . 
theron and depp are certainly beyond this junk and will get other chances to prove themselves this fall - she as part of an imposing ensemble case in the john irving adaptation " cider house rules 
this bodes horribly for each dramatic development , like the surfacing of a suspicious nasa official ( " speed " 's joe morton ) to instigate jill 's slow and stupid comprehension of the truth . 
" astronaut " provides only artificial anxiety . 
" undeserving of such talent , " the astronaut 's wife " manages to be derivative , dull and uninvolving despite its seemingly ripe potential for unintentional laughs . 
cue around 80 minutes of various and quite frankly tedious shoot- outs which take place in various locations . 
director antoine arqua has clearly not observed chow 's excellent acting capabilties and simply requires him to mutter a few lines of broken english and look flash as he stands and shoots . 
mia sorvino ( a passport forger ) is dragged into the affay and also provides a lame love interest as well as being rather handy with a gun . 
, i found myself laughing at how stupid it looked . tut tut . 
) watch ' the killer ' again and weep at the difference . 
and as for making chow shoot like a cop , well that 's damned unforgiveable . to round up , the replacement killers is a pretty darned lame first outing for chow . 
and as for making chow shoot like a cop , well that 's damned unforgiveable . to round up , the replacement killers is a pretty darned lame first outing for chow . 
unfortunately they end up being just plain boring . 
libby is a tv - movie everywoman , but judd 's intense performance draws us in and makes us forget that her character has no distinguishing characteristics . 
" double jeopardy " is a watered - down version of " the fugitive , " with jones sleep - walking through his well - worn pursuer persona . 
although libby never leaps from a bus that collides with a train , she manages to get into a few nail - biters -- chased down the beach by a jeep , chained to a car that plunges into the ocean , sealed in a coffin -- that add some much needed thrills to an anemic , slow - moving script . character development is thin . 
has no effect on the story . 
ashley judd tries hard but ca n't save this predictable bore . 
" ( the answer there is an unequivocal " yes " ) and more " how in the name of sweet jesus did first - time director kinka usher get such a first - rate cast to act 
the appealing actors are uniformly good and stiller is even stellar , but they ca n't begin to save 
in this muck ? 
" is it really as bad as it looks from the trailer ? " ( the answer there is an unequivocal " yes " ) and more " how in the name of sweet jesus did first - time director kinka usher get such a first - rate cast to act 
" --it 's just one big mess . 
the production design is overblown , the special effects are overdone , and the script ( based on bob burden 's " dark horse " comic book series ) is overbaked . 
the production design is overblown , the special effects are overdone , and the script ( based on bob burden 's " dark horse " comic book series ) is overbaked . 
the ingenue role and the normally charismatic actor comes off as merely bland . 
the ingenue role and the normally charismatic actor comes off as merely bland . 
" heartbreakers " reeks of that stagnant mentality , from its lingering shots of jennifer love hewitt 's vah - vah - voom breasts to its leaden screenplay , which paints women as haughty schemers and men as drooling buffoons too sex - obsessed to realize they are being manipulated . 
bear in mind , though , that this is merely the worst segment of a movie made up of nothing but low points . 
tensy ( hackman , in hideous make - up ) , a decrepit tobacco tycoon obsessed with the joys of smoking . 
the low point in the film has weaver employing a russian accent bad enough to make boris and natasha wince , while doing half - assed slapstick with a broken off penis from a statue . 
gene hackman is utterly wasted in a one - note , one - joke part 
sigourney weaver and jennifer love hewitt throw themselves into their parts , but have nowhere to go with the metallic characters . 
" heartbreakers " is soulless , inept and , at 123 minutes , at least a half - hour too long . 
if so , they were sadly mistaken . 
i ca n't imagine what drew performers of their caliber to this project . 
" heartbreakers " is soulless , inept and , at 123 minutes , at least a half - hour too long . 
suffice to say that everything done right in " wanda " is done wrong here . 
the swirling sick feeling hit me just a few minutes into " heartbreakers . 
" i was struck by a wave of revulsion , thinking , " geez , did n't lines like 
unfortunately the atrocious screenplay and boring direction by " clueless " auteur amy heckerling successfully manages to screw up everything about the film . 
if you 're looking for a romantic comedy stay far away from this one because it is neither romantic nor funny . 
not to mention the story itself which is virtually non - existant and contains so many plotholes it 's like swiss cheese . even the basic editing is bad . 
these characters are totally unrealistic and unbelievable 
there 's no background or details to anyone or anything , it 's just a bunch of cartoon characters running into each other 
unfortunately the atrocious screenplay and boring direction by " clueless " auteur amy heckerling successfully manages to screw up everything about the film . 
unfortunately , all of these effects seem so detached from the story , and can do little to support the film 's plot deficiencies , which are undoubtedly the main problem . 
i suppose there 's always one turkey of the summer season ; a highly anticipated , big - budget release that manages to completely disappoint 
i suppose there 's always one turkey of the summer season ; a highly anticipated , big - budget release that manages to completely disappoint 
but the script is so deliriously uneven , the entire movie so off course , that no human being or technical achievement has a chance to salvage it . 
what makes matters worse is that smith goes through the role with such self - assurance in his eyes ; you can practically sense his contentment with the fact that he knows wild wild west will be a huge hit at the summer box office . 
a year later , the studio is up to their old tricks again , with the unnecessary revival of the robert conrad program the wild , wild west . 
at square one , we have a bizarre case of casting . 
if it 's one thing that could possibly be the saving grace , it 's the performances , and even they are mostly off - kilter and poorly delivered 
after such hits as independence day and mib , wild wild west is not an impressive addition to the resume . 
but even he is so utterly weird and over - the - top . rarely is a film so lost in itself as wild wild west is . 
most of the jokes , usually care of smith , die on arrival . 
wild wild west is a cinematic abomination - a film that was so entirely pointless to begin with that it is never given a proper chance to get out of the gate 
salma hayek is wasted as the romantic interest , because she is viewed as little more than that - window dressing to look pretty and create conflict between west and gordon . 
wild wild west is a running gag that never truly works . 
there are a lot of fancy special effects , and a handful of distinguished actors who try desperately to tunnel through the inane plot and make a lasting impression . 
the movie 's plot is preposterous with enough illogical leaps that if the film ever slowed down , you 'd actually see how ridiculous it all is 
and that is not enough . 
children as pawns have become a most unwelcome clich ? in recent films . 
halle berry is decorative and lovely as gabriel 's assistant , while don cheadle is given little to do as the head fbi agent hunting gabriel . 
, it 's only make believe , but that does n't mean you have to tolerate it 
jackman looks dour through most of the proceedings . 
swordfish is loud , violent and amoral . it has the audacity to justify murder and mayhem in the name of sustaining our way of life . 
my objections to swordfish are many . 
this is one swordfish that should have been thrown back in the water . 
swordfish plays like a comic book with a larger - than - life character in gabriel . 
all in all , the mind of a psycho killer turns out to be a strangely dull place , and i kept wishing i could fast - forward to the next development . 
bottom line : do n't get trapped in this one . 
as the movie opens , therapist catharine deane ( jennifer lopez ) treats a catatonic boy ( colton james ) by entering his mind through some sort of virtual reality technique that 's never fully explained . 
the result should have been more interesting than " the cell . 
singh is best known for directing music videos , particularly rem 's " losing my religion , " and " the cell " seems very much like a really long , really slow mtv video with the sound deleted . singer lopez seems to think she 's in a video as well ; she devotes more time to posing in elaborate costumes than she does to acting . 
however , catharine 's character is hardly developed at all , and lopez has no depth to offer the role . 
however , catharine 's character is hardly developed at all , and lopez has no depth to offer the role . 
for the most part , it 's style without substance . 
so , what went wrong ? plenty , unfortunately . the major problem with entrapment is its script . it has a been - there , done - that feel to it . nothing seems particularly inventive or original , so the whole movie lacks suspense and drags 
the characters are not who they appear to be at the beginning , which is neat at first but the device wears thin once the umpteenth " surprise " revelation is made . entrapment , in other words , relies too heavily on the audience not knowing what each character 's true motive is , resulting in a convoluted story which leaves many scratching their heads in confusion . 
this movie was boring . plain and simple . 
" it sure is , on those who spent money to see this movie . 
an aging master art thief , his supplier , and a young , buxom security consultant are all not who they first appear to be ( or are they ? ) in this convoluted mess involving a risky heist during the millennium . 
it has a juvenile feel to it . 
the characters are not who they appear to be at the beginning , which is neat at first but the device wears thin once the umpteenth " surprise " revelation is made . entrapment , in other words , relies too heavily on the audience not knowing what each character 's true motive is , resulting in a convoluted story which leaves many scratching their heads in confusion . 
the star power here is quite strong , but the viewer ca n't help but feel the actors are wasted in this production . 
entrapment does the same under the thin disguise of plot development 
" never trust a naked woman . " ving rhames ' character seems like an afterthought ; he 's not developed at all . 
sean connery is given such mind - numbing lines as 
aki is especially disappointing ; with her lack of expression and flat delivery , she looks and sound like a brunet version of weena , the eloi girl from 1960 's " the time machine . 
so who needs this ? not me . 
" drab color choices and aliens that appear to have been created in jell - o molds sap the pizzazz from the big set pieces . 
with an expression - challenged cast , " final fantasy " mixes turgid action scenes with heaps of mystical shit . the result is ugly , confusing and boring . 
with an expression - challenged cast , " final fantasy " mixes turgid action scenes with heaps of mystical shit . 
she is pretty , but bland , and not nearly expressive enough to come off like a person . 
the action scenes and shoot - em - ups do n't satisfy either . 
more to the point , who decided a full - length computer animated movie featuring " hyperreal " ( their term , not mine ) humanoids was a good idea ? " final fantasy " is based on a phenomenally popular video game i 've never played , with a story straight out of japanese anime , which more often than not leaves me bored and depressed . if you 're a fan of either , please spare me your letters , as i will focus solely on the finished film and not its source materials . 
the humans move oddly and their facial features are so muted that the talented voice cast ca n't bring them to life 
i found it sub - par across the board . 
but i 'm bored with apocalyptic settings . 
why , for every fluid physical gesture , do we also see herky - jerky puppet - style motions ? 
why wallow in an industrial trash heap ? 
the humans move oddly and their facial features are so muted that the talented voice cast ca n't bring them to life 
it gets worse when they talk and move . 
by the way , is there any reason why the studio or the producer could n't have cut another version of the film by the way of all the filmed stock that was left over ? who knows , who cares , this " satire " sucks the bag . 
( joe eszterhas ) , the " worst supporting actor " ( joe eszterhas ) , the " worst new star " ( joe eszterhas tied with jerry springer ) and the " worst original song 
this film practically swept the " razzie awards " in 1999 , given out to the worst of all movie categories of the year , with no less than the " worst picture " award , the " worst screenplay " 
this film practically swept the " razzie awards " in 1999 , given out to the worst of all movie categories of the year , with no less than the " worst picture " award , the " worst screenplay " 
the acting is pretty bad , especially jackie chan , who ca n't act to save his life . 
the cameos are lame and seem forced , and the ending blows chunks . 
i really ca n't remember the last time a movie sucked on so many levels ! the " comedy " in this film is pathetic , obvious and dated ( oj simpson jokes galore ) . 
the structure of the film is annoying , repetitive and pretentious . 
the plot is uninteresting , boring and bad . 
( joe eszterhas ) , the " worst supporting actor " ( joe eszterhas ) , the " worst new star 
, this mess only lasts about 80 minutes , and miramax honcho harvey weinstein plays a lead - faced detective . 
i love to see movies about hollywood shenanigans , but this one bites the big one 
" ( joe eszterhas tied with jerry springer ) and the " worst original song " ( " i wanna be mike ovitz ! 
i really ca n't remember the last time a movie sucked on so many levels ! the " comedy " in this film is pathetic , obvious and dated ( oj simpson jokes galore ) . 
all in all , this movie believes itself to be a clever , humorous and edgy look behind the closed doors of hollywood , but comes across as a boring , stupid and completely unentertaining piece of shite . 
. see it if you like to watch really bad movies , otherwise skip it , because it will just have you hating every star that makes an appearance in it 
( it 's no wonder that the film has been sitting on the racks for about a year ) this felt like a really bad tv movie of the week , with some nudity stuffed in from time to time , just to wake up the audience . 
what the shite were they thinking ? 
no suspense , no chemistry between the leads , no real love or passion , no sense of surprise , plenty of plot holes for everyone and an extra moronic ending 
whoopee , big surprise . 
a low point in the careers of both stars . oops , i almost forgot to mention the crappy dialogue . . . god oh mighty . . . make it stop ! ! 
how boring is that for the audience ? 
one of the worst movies that i 've seen all year . too long , too boring , too predictable and too ridiculous for anyone interested in watching a good movie . what the hell were they thinking when they made this thing ? 
second of all , angelina jolie is horribly miscast in this part . 
everything else in this movie was pointless , boring and just plain stupid . 
no , thanks ! 
on the whole , it was lame , included a slew of unlikable characters fiddling around in a pool of unfunny lines , and very little of interest for any target audience . 
we 're not supposed to be able to notice that , and when we do , at least in my case , i consider it a wrong choice in casting 
and you 've got yourself an extremely quiet audience anticipating punch lines that never quite materialize . 
critique : simply stated , i did n't laugh once during this entire picture . for a comedy , it offered me a few smiles , a bunch of nincompoops as characters , a miscast john travolta hamming it up and lisa kudrow , in what can only described as a " sluttier " version of her character of phoebe on tv 's " friends " . 
and a truckload of empty comedic bullet shells , 
and for me , the casting choice of john travolta for this role was just plain wrong . he did n't fit the part . 
so what happens when you put these two people in the same room and come out with a movie co - starring the ever - versatile lisa kudrow ? uhhhm , you guessed it . . . not much . 
sadly , the filmmakers decided to bring him into play with only about half an hour left in the film . 
. add that to lisa kudrow , boring us with yet another one of her patented " dumb blonde " routines , but this time , dressed in sexier outfits . 
thankfully , the clips of travolta dressed up in goofy outfits , dancing as the weatherman were left in the film 's trailer , and not in this final cut . and not unlike the worst movie of the year so far , beautiful , this film also managed to feature many unsympathetic , idiotic and just plain irritating characters in its cast . 
every time something clever happens it 's counterbalanced by something so overtly wrong that it jerks you back into realizing you 're watching a movie 
monumentally underused jolie portrays an empty headed sexpot whose idea of sex revolves around cars and memphis . 
the biggest waste of resources is vinnie jones , who plays a mute accomplice of memphis . without saying a word , he is easily the most charismatic person in the movie . 
aptly describes how long it 'll take for this marginally entertaining , but empty film to leave your memory . 
poorly written movies , gussies up the film with lots of gold hues and pleasingly stylized action and they sell like proverbial hotcakes . 
then there 's the ridiculousness of the many cops who actually shoot at fleeing cars . 
too bad his minutes onscreen are so few . 
this is a movie made of pretty , but tepid car chases strung together by just enough character interaction to move the plot along . 
it 's counterbalanced by an extremely feeble attempt at humor by having an asian american repeatedly failing a driver 's test . 
it 's countered by the lame semi - subplot of a car being stolen with a bunch of heroin in the trunk . the ramifications are never explored . 
gone is 60 seconds is an orgy of maleness gone horribly awry 
not only is it stupid , but it 's against the law . 
yawn , excuse me , dramatic tension . 
that 's about as strong as the characterization gets , which is a shame 
everything dull , but hunky dory until a plane carrying illegal immigrants crashes almost ontop of the couple while they 're on their boat . 
well , let me share my moment of sheer panic , and then the cold enervation of the big let - down when a semi - robed hatcher purrs to alec baldwin , " what do you think of my butterfly ? " . 
it 's probably safe to say that her day job beckons . 
no seriously , this is not the svelte , thinking man 's hero of the hunt for red october , it is an out - of - shape guy who does n't look too good in a roof - top chasing scene . he 's also unconvincing in the movie 's dramatic moments , acting with what as far as i can tell is a steven segal - like economy of expression . 
she is totally ridiculous as rocque 's manipulative and seductive cajun wife , coming across as devious as a mildly disgruntled au pair who 's trying to get back at an employer who has n't been giving her enough days off . 
and at the end of our day , none of this is really worth 2 hrs and 12 minutes of our personal misery . 
and then it hit me . . . the scene had been snipped ! damn you , godless pg rating , show us her butterfly ! ! we want to see the goddamn butterfly ! ! ! 
, you 'll want to beat on him a little yourself . 
no naked teri hatcher . forget about that . okay ? 
the question now is whether or not you want to be dragged along for the ride through a tedious , meandering yet utterly suspenseless plot with an unlovable hero as your guide . 
the first half hour generated not one smile in me , with it 's scenes of emotional abuse towards adam 's character of bobby boucher not only by the cruel football players , but also by his very disturbed mother ( kathy bates - what is the world coming to ? ) . 
i kind of enjoyed happy gilmore and thought that it warranted a marginal recommendation , but his latest film , the waterboy is about as funny as a root canal . seriously , i 'm willing to wager than there were more laughs in saving private ryan than there are here . in fact , i found this movie to be more depressing than comedic . 
rely more on actual comedy rather than strange voices and rude noises to make people laugh . 
the only things that keep this bomb from getting the big banana are the winning performances from henry winkler as the insecure coach and the severely underrated fairuza balk as bobby 's love interest . 
( i 'm even willing to admit that it actually had me laughing once or twice ) , but not nearly enough to sustain 
it 's amazing how a comedian can have the some of the funniest stand - up around but completely fall flat in the movies 
one scene , you 'll see a hilariously nebbish scene between jeff goldblum and judd hirsch ; the next you 'll see a bunch of military uptight guys walking around , saying corny lines . the worst is a scene between brent spiner and bill pullman where spiner is sayinig something innocently funny but is barked like a junkyard dog by bill pullman who gives him the most unitentionally funniest speech since the end of " glen or glenda ? 
it is just aiming for a crowd pleaser and that 's what it is . 
and " independence day " has no balls . it plays it safe everywhere . 
as i said , this film has no balls . 
but when i rewatched it , i felt cheated . 
the aliens are about as anticlimactic as demi moore 's breasts in " striptease . 
and when i rewatched " independence day , " not only did it not look cooler at all on the big screen , but i felt insulted the whole time . there are too many gaping craters in the plot and you just are n't sure if it 's comedy or hokey drama . 
but there are no real subtle comic moments . will gets way too many one - liners and he has no one to play off of 
this one 's short on batteries . 
okay , it 's an interesting topic , but it 's not handled greatly . 
they 're these octopus men , boring freaking octopus men . i mean , come on . 
the script becomes superfluous . 
i like to think that levinson and hoffman , recognizing how uninspired this movie was likely to be , chose to make wag the dog as a sort of penance ( the low - budget picture was filmed during sphere 's lengthy pre - production phase ) . 
their characters exhibit little evidence of emotion ; automatons would have been as effective . 
it makes sitting through sphere a frustrating and pointless experience . 
audience members who crave more intellectual fare will be disgusted by the film 's sudden collapse into mindless storytelling and by the ending , which is an insulting cop - out . 
special effects take over as the plotline devolves into incoherent silliness . 
i left the theater feeling cheated by the way crichton and his screenwriters had chosen to end the film . 
sphere is the kind of first- class mess that only a top - line director with an a - list cast can create . 
sharon stone and peter coyote are both flat . 
no wonder sphere is being released in february , in the midst of the early year 's cinematic wasteland . it deserves no better than to get sunk by the unstoppable titanic , which should plow sphere under on its way to a ninth - consecutive weekend atop the box office heap . 
but all that is just in preparation for the ending , which is inexcusably awful . 
this is the time - honored deus ex machina device used to its worst effect . 
" additionally , because none of the characters are well - formed ( a common failing in anything penned by crichton , who 's more interested in technology than people ) , viewers do n't develop much of a rooting interest . 
even if his novel was butchered in the adaptation process , crichton 's credit as a producer disallows him absolution . he was a willing participant in a creative travesty . 
it collapses into the cellar with another recent science fiction effort , event horizon . 
action lovers will be bored by what they will see as an interminably boring setup . 
what about that a - list cast ? not surprisingly , the most energetic performance is given by samuel l . jackson , but his harry is n't a person ; he 's a walking plot device spouting occasionally - witty dialogue . 
with expectations high ( and how could they not be , considering that another barry levinson / dustin hoffman collaboration , the excellent wag the dog , is still playing in theaters ? ) , something this bad ca n't help but look even worse 
instead , he relies on loud , overbearing music , strange camera angles , and quick cuts to make things " exciting . " additionally , because none of the characters are well - formed ( a common failing in anything penned by crichton , who 's more interested in technology than people ) , viewers do n't develop much of a rooting interest . 
dustin hoffman is n't lively or particularly good -- it 's ironic that this , which may be his worst work in a decade , has arrived in theaters on the heels of his best actor nomination ( for wag the dog ) . 
intelligent writing , which is evident early on , is replaced by hackneyed drivel . 
science and philosophy , which are used to good effect during sphere 's first hour , give way to mindless , confusing action sequences . attempts at characterization fall apart . 
they both seem to have shown that as proven actors they could survive in this film of weak links . 
simply put , it is far - fetched , poorly crafted , but very entertaining . 
so it is that i am offended by the fact that marc norman and tom stoppard are credited with writing this production , and the name william shakespeare is no were to be seen beyond a character 's name in the credits . 
shakespeare in love is an incredibly cheap illusion that truly pans out to be very little quality or original work . 
joseph fiennes may just be the worst of fall though . 
but not even they could save this sad excuse for a film , so it remains plagued by poor performances . 
the acting in this entertaining yet poor film is often thin to the point that it would not have survived even in queen elizabeth 's theatres . 
he is tragically unbelievable and comically bad . 
however , as the film so kindly pointed out , entertainment may be fun , but it is n't necessarily quality . and this certainly is n't quality . 
the finest sign of this may be the plot , in looking back , there seems to be little more than a thin , predictable plot that is only carried by the portrayal of people that we revere in our history books . 
frankly , he had more charm in the devestating flop 
i hate to compare this film to the truman show , but the fact is , i was ashamed to see this movie . 
i got so restless during this movie , i almost walked out . 
edtv had no real wit or genius 
but this average joe , ed perkuny , ( matthew mcconaughay ) , is a sappy , lifeless creation that wanders around , trying to solve everyone 's problems and settle his own . 
jenna elfman is good , ( but a little overemotional ) ; her main problem is that she keeps getting sucked into bad films 
he overacts in every way : his overexaggerant body language , obsession with kissing women every second he gets the chance , and that cliched scene where he loses someone in his life , and drops to his knee and cries . 
mcconaughay is awful , especially because he is trying to pull off his usual hollywood charm with a 3 week beard and torn jeans . 
jenna elfman is good , ( but a little overemotional ) ; her main problem is that she keeps getting sucked into bad films 
the real miracle of my night was the fact that i did not fall asleep during this straightforward , unimpressive film about a guy with special powers who we never truly understand or care about . 
there is absolutely no reason in the world why director frank darabont needed to take three hours and ten minutes out of anyone 's life to present this story . in fact , the story is empty within itself . i truly did not get anything out of the film other than the fact that there is a guy on death row who has special powers to heal , and we are left wondering if he should still be executed or not . 
hmmmm , now think hard here , boys and girls . 
what a crock ! 
whip out those thinking caps , kids ! hmmm 
the plot 's utter predictability is also at fault here with one guess as to whom is to get healed by the gentle monster in this film ( we are told that one certain lady has a tumor early on in the movie ) . 
am i supposed to identify with anyone in this film ? or even more importantly , am i supposed to give a rat 's ass about anyone in this film ? 
unlike the latter film , this one is a big , long , laborious bore . 
all in all , a bad movie starring some great actors doing solid work , especially michael clarke duncan as the man of the hour , john coffey . 
i am guessing that this film was supposed to be some three - hour exercise in spirituality , but unfortunately for me , it was neither spiritual or the least bit engaging . in fact , it was one big bore . i did n't see the point of the movie , i did n't see the point of the story and i certainly did n't see the point in tom hanks ' big double - chin . 
critique : this film is slow , drawn - out , boring , uninteresting , unexciting , predictable and topped with a couple of one - dimensional " evil " characters . 
none of these fantasy sequences , trust me , are things that need to be seen , but we see them anyway , complete with cheesy , make - out saxophone music . 
( of course , the boyfriend 's original plan for the evening was , try not to laugh , to sit in an empty diner and read catcher in the rye by j . d . salinger . ) if the goal of the babysitter was to be suspenseful , then it fails . 
her character has absolutely no depth at all , and her sole purpose in the movie is to be the object of the other characters ' fantasies . 
if the goal of the babysitter was to be dramatic , then , once again , it fails . 
alicia silverstone is completely wasted playing jennifer , the babysitter . 
comments : to say this movie is bad would be quite an understatement . 
the characters are one - dimensional and uninteresting . 
by that time , however , the audience is so tired of the inane characters that no one truthfully cares what happens to any of them . 
the other 79 minutes , though , are a drag . 
i asked myself the same question , having spent 99 cents renting this turkey . 
it fails to successfully achieve any of them . instead , the babysitter is a dull , lifeless movie which manages to bore and ultimately irritate its viewers . 
if the goal of the babysitter was to be humorous , then it also fails . i found nothing even remotely funny about the boozing parents who seemed , at times , to be played for laughs . 
it fails as well . 
i suppose this film could have been watchable if it were n't for the fact that the characters are universally unappealing 
the dream sequences are n't erotic ; they are too brief and , outside of one very short scene , contain no nudity . 
. sadly , that 's one of the film 's most enjoyable sequences , and the entertainment value is entirely unintentional . 
the situations are painfully contrived , the main characters are lifted right out of sit - coms , and the supporting players are so incredibly stupid that i wondered whether they all participated in some kind of " free lobotomy " lab experiment . 
. sadly , that 's one of the film 's most enjoyable sequences , and the entertainment value is entirely unintentional . 
take away the likes of waiting to exhale , set it off , soul food , and eve 's bayou , and all that 's left is a chance to be someone 's girlfriend , a local whore , or a murder victim . as a result , for pinkett smith 's first opportunity atop the marquee , she is stuck in a stupid , formulaic romantic comedy with the unpromising title of woo . 
for those who enjoy spotting continuity gaffes , there 's a huge one in woo involving a corvette with a broken window that miraculously repairs itself ( added to that is the mystery of how the car looses its top ) 
since it misses the mark by so much , a better name for woo might have been whoops . 
the situations are painfully contrived , the main characters are lifted right out of sit - coms , and the supporting players are so incredibly stupid that i wondered whether they all participated in some kind of " free lobotomy " lab experiment . 
the film offers a few funny ( albeit juvenile ) moments and the on - screen relationship between pinkett smith 's woo and tommy davidson 's tim is appealing on those rare occasions when the two are n't forced to play it dumb for the sake of an endless barrage of cheap gags . unfortunately , huge portions of the movie are insulting to the intelligence of anyone with a triple - digit i . 
the situations are painfully contrived , the main characters are lifted right out of sit - coms , and the supporting players are so incredibly stupid that i wondered whether they all participated in some kind of " free lobotomy " lab experiment . 
in a good entry to the genre , the audience becomes caught up in the love story , no matter how familiar it is . in woo , the constant reliance upon unfunny , moronic humor sinks the project 
there are just too many things going on that prove distracting , whether it 's the sketchy romanctic angle involving liev schreiber as an earnest former prizefighter , or williams ' incongrous presence , or a sweet but utterly irrelevant little girl . 
there are just too many things going on that prove distracting , whether it 's the sketchy romanctic angle involving liev schreiber as an earnest former prizefighter , or williams ' incongrous presence , or a sweet but utterly irrelevant little girl . 
i am of the depressing opinion that williams is growing less assured as an actor in his " serious " roles with every passing year . compare his dramatic scenes in the world according to garp and moscow on the hudson with what dreams may come or patch adams , and see how much more mannered he has become ( or , at the very least , how much less sensible at choosing material ) . 
jakob the liar deals with too delicate a subject for such fumbling , and has too compelling a central character to waste . 
they 're problematic because they 're jarring and distracting , introducing a cutesy relationship into a film that should n't have been about cutesy relationships . 
every scene with her feels contrived , pulling jakob the liar away from its central story of hope coming to a previously hopeless people . 
and after one wonderful early scene , you can see the film wasted and fumbled away . 
i am of the depressing opinion that williams is growing less assured as an actor in his " serious " roles with every passing year . compare his dramatic scenes in the world according to garp and moscow on the hudson with what dreams may come or patch adams , and see how much more mannered he has become ( or , at the very least , how much less sensible at choosing material ) . 
what 's worse , these sudden developments are supposed to engage our sympathy . 
though not without redeeming qualities , this film is bad . 
there are several moments of bad acting , corny dialogue , and emotional overextension . 
the scene feels like an afterthought , its emotion manipulative and shallow . these scenes grow worse and worse , culminating in an absurd climax . 
and that makes it even harder to forgive the bad acting , corny dialogue , and emotional overextension . 
the script suffers from random plot developments . 
the fact that they are real provides a refreshing break from some of the more melodramatic moments in the film . 
i can imagine some people liking this film when its characters talk about their " likes , dislikes , skills , and thrills , " but on the whole , it 's pretty bad . 
we are supposed to be moved , but since the scene is completely un - led - up to , we really do n't care if she and her mother get along . 
in this sub - par film 
miller who 's stiff and self - conscious , speaking - like most lynch players - in staccato tones . 
miller who 's stiff and self - conscious , speaking - like most lynch players - in staccato tones . 
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " mulholland drive " is a frenzied , frustrating 
the tortuous paths of these various characters - and others named cookie , coco and cowboy - intersect at various points but the plot remains elusive because , midway through the story , lynch has the brunette and blonde play two different women in an alternate reality , leaving a huge wad of cash , a blue metallic key , a paralyzed mogul and a lot of questions that go unanswered 
the same can not be said for former m . 
the tortuous paths of these various characters - and others named cookie , coco and cowboy - intersect at various points but the plot remains elusive because , midway through the story , lynch has the brunette and blonde play two different women in an alternate reality , leaving a huge wad of cash , a blue metallic key , a paralyzed mogul and a lot of questions that go unanswered 
i 'm not buying . 
" needless to say the acting is far from top notch , nor does necessity ask that it should be . 
unfortunately williamson and rodriguez did not take the story far enough in the sci - fi direction to make any use of it . in sum , the faculty was just one long shot that did not pay off . 
this casts more than a shadow of a doubt on williamson 's ability , who enjoyed success with the wes craven - directed scream but could n't pull anything solid in for this outing or i know what you did last summer . 
the lack of gusto is the movie 's major stumbling block . 
there 's not a measureable fraction of original material in this unworthy outing . 
this casts more than a shadow of a doubt on williamson 's ability , who enjoyed success with the wes craven - directed scream but could n't pull anything solid in for this outing or i know what you did last summer . 
unfortunately williamson and rodriguez did not take the story far enough in the sci - fi direction to make any use of it . 
the first forty - five minutes of screwed is harmless entertainment - a guilty pleasure that should be enjoyably bad . 
but the convoluted script eventually builds into a disaster that is impossible to bear . the more idiotic these characters get , the more reckless the script becomes 
every time he appeared on the screen i had to shake my head in disbelief . he just did n't belong in this movie . 
i 'm not just talking about willard and rusty , who were extremely annoying 
macdonald and chapelle are veterans at these kinds of movies but devito made the film much worse than it already was , gross out humor is certainly not his forte . 
you either know what is going to happen ten minutes into the movie ( i 'm talking about you reindeer games ) or you did not guess the ending because it is so outrageously stupid 
otherwise , do n't get screwed out of your hard - earned money . 
what starts out as a dumb guilty pleasure which should be fun to mock with a group of friends ends with a complex finale with way too much going on . 
screwed is an inane christmas carol gone berserk with few genuine laughs and many acting embarrassments 
a monkey could have solved this case within an hour but these guys ( headed by murder one 's daniel benzali ) were just too clueless to forgive . they give real cops bad names . 
" spice world " is just one long promotional film for the british girl band the spice girls . 
but overall , who cares ? not me . 
in " spice world " they ride around in their big tour bus , whining about having to do photo shoots and give interviews . 
and if you ca n't stand them ( like me ) , then " spice world " will really make you sick . 
they kept muttering " this is stupid " over and over again . 
and they keep babbling about " girl power " when they should really be talking about " cleavage power " . i mean , if all it takes is girl power , then why are they only one thread away from bursting out of their skimpy outfits ? 
it is too much an adaptation of a magazine article slowed to the pace of a film . it really verges on being tedious at least at times 
the musical score by pieter bourke , lisa gerrard , and graeme revell is one of the worst in recent memory . 
michael mann was the wrong person to helm this film and the insider lacks intensity because of his style . 
the story is told slowly and in just a bit too much meticulous detail . the film is 157 minutes and is an extremely demanding film for the audience . 
it puts ominous chords under some scenes and using voice in ways that become a distraction that gets in the way of the storytelling . also disturbing is the casting of christopher plummer as mike wallace . 
michael mann was the wrong person to helm this film and the insider lacks intensity because of his style . 
and in the end , he failed . 
bewilderingly inane stylistic decisions plague the whole affair - one character passes a glass of cognac to another in a slow - motion close - up awash in a lot of bass . 
i should have known , damn it , i should have known . 
; jason priestley 's awfully played dirty desert vagrant # 1 , who tries to emulate dennis hopper a la blue velvet , but fails miserably ; and the cop - who - sees - ashley - fleeing - an - accident - scene - and- then - wants - to - pay - for - sex- 
and that 's precisely where this film fails . this is the kind of movie that pisses me off . it 's an abortion , a collection of half - formed and wasted ideas that amounts to absolutely nothing in the end . it pretends it is something that it is not - a surreal and deep psychological character study wrapped in a high - tech thriller . 
( i still have no idea what this organization was - british intelligence ? 
each one in this sad little parade is a little more pointless than the last . 
here , the filmmakers have confused " surreal " and " deep " with " vaguely unclear " and " crammed full of insultingly obvious metaphors . 
; jason priestley 's awfully played dirty desert vagrant # 1 , who tries to emulate dennis hopper a la blue velvet , but fails miserably ; and the cop - who - sees - ashley - fleeing - an - accident - scene - and- then - wants - to - pay - for - sex- 
here , the filmmakers have confused " surreal " and " deep " with " vaguely unclear " and " crammed full of insultingly obvious metaphors . 
the script pays no attention to the laws of time and space . 
there is an attempt at an explanation in the final minutes , which , instead of tying everything together , ends up being as profound as a clever sixth - grade mad lib . 
some guy in the back of the theater was talking on his cell phone , and this time i did n't particularly care all that much because what was happening on the screen was a steaming pile of unholy crap 
the movie offers only two explanations , neither of which make a lick of sense . 
" whoo hoo , that helps , thanks a bunch , case closed . that 's as deep as it gets , folks . 
serve little or no purpose except to make the audience wonder what the hell the point was . 
( because change scares americans ) , and you always need a cheesy feel - good ending to wrap things up . if you do n't make that kind of movie , you 'll be shining my shoes in no time . " 
he is n't the first successful foreign director to come to hollywood and make a bad movie . 
just kidding ! ) and follows them up with the real scare , but nothing in this movie scares you . the audience in the theater never jumped during suspenseful moments ; i think they were bored , too . 
in " mimic " , del toro does n't bother to give us anything original . the plot is a stupid combination of " aliens " meets " species " meets " jurassic park . " the characters have been recycled from a few hundred other movies . there 's nothing new in " mimic " . 
they want to see at least one big breasted woman , characters that they 've seen a thousand times before 
it 's just a bunch of old tricks that rarely work . at the end of the movie , you 're stuck wanting your money back . maybe the worst thing about the movie is that del toro followed another annoying trend of recent movies 
they are relegated to providing slapstick guy humor and the two are more than equal to the task . 
the neat thing is that the two actors are able to get fresh laughs from stale material . 
amanda peet is caustic 
there is no humanity at all to her character as she single - mindedly strives to recreate darren into her mind 's image . 
thinking about it , this is a real mishmash of contrivance and coincidence 
unfortunately , there is no dimension to her character . 
" silverman " has its heart in the right place , but the story , by newcomers hank nelken and greg depaul , is too lightweight to sustain the tale of the battle for darren 's soul . 
too bad that the rest of the film lacks their level of humor . kick boxing deaths and conflicted nuns are not the makings of a good comedy . 
too bad that the rest of the film lacks their level of humor . kick boxing deaths and conflicted nuns are not the makings of a good comedy . 
lee ermey , as the psychotic coach , made a bad decision taking this role . 
amanda detmer brings nothing ( or gets nothing ) as darren 's one and only . 
director dennis dugan has a track record for broad comedy with films like " big daddy " and " beverly hills ninja , " but falls flat with " saving silverman . 
production values are on par with the rest of the film - lackluster and non - involving . 
the rest of the cast does n't fare as well , though . 
most moviegoers , however , will likely be asleep by that time . 
this listless enterprise : to serve as a series of acting exercises . 
such a glorified workshop may have its rewards for the actors , but it leaves audiences with a booby prize . 
i 'm not really sure what film that statement is describing because those words bear little resemblance to the slow , completely uninvolving bore i saw -- 
police sergeant phil quinn ( william sadler ) takes him in , and what ensues for the first 70 minutes is a tedious series of sneak - outs and sneak - ins where robin slips out of his jail cell , breaks a window , then returns , all without quinn ever noticing . 
also added to the pointless proceedings is some would - be humorous shenanigans involving quinn 's dimwitted deputy ernie attempting to engage in clandestine patrol car sex with his girlfriend donna ( karen sillas ) . 
this is not a good excuse for being more obnoxious than the vampires . 
as for the claims that the catholic church created ' dracula ' , well that is the second most sacrilegious suggestion , outside the fact that priests and monks bear the brunt of the vampire fury , with enough blood spilt to make the inquisition look tame 
as for adam baldwin , he is nothing more than a stooge who is ordered to beat women when the director shouts ' action ' , and the script should have been reworked to avoid much offence against the female sex . 
vampire 's is a rude , chauvinistic movie where women are portrayed as pawns of abuse , present only to pleasure men , feed vampires , readied to be bashed or beaten - till one 's sensibilities is shocked by the low iq and mentality of this regressive movie . to make matters worse , the buffoons that go hunting vampires are all rednecks , and deserve to have their heads bitten off , if not , their bodies carved in half . 
. an awful movie on all counts , my suggestion is to bring back buffy and bury this group of incompetent , rude vampire slayers . 
. an awful movie on all counts , my suggestion is to bring back buffy and bury this group of incompetent , rude vampire slayers . 
they also manage to go out before copulating occasionally -- in one of the stupidest scenes of the film , tony takes sarah to a carnival that 's * right outside * 
two men woo her ; tony the " security consultant " wins her over ( so they have passionate sex replete with cheesy saxophone music ) . 
86 minutes , the running time of this cinematic mess , thus , seem like 86 hours . 
one would n't think that two genuine movie stars , antonio banderas ( evita ) and rebecca de mornay ( hand that rocks the cradle ) , and the acerbic comic genius dennis miller ( " saturday night live " ) would be involved in such a celluloid backfire as this turkey . 
what was she thinking ? 
a colossal waste of time , moves slower than molasses in winter to arrive at a conclusion which should be obvious to the audience 20 minutes into the film . 
suspense cliche number one also occurs : whenever someone is stalked in thrillers , by any means , if the stalked has a pet , that pet will die . oftentimes , to even further the cliche 
suspense cliche number one also occurs : whenever someone is stalked in thrillers , by any means , if the stalked has a pet , that pet will die . oftentimes , to even further the cliche 
suspense at its very derivative ! 
as stated before , never talk to strangers is a poor excuse for a film whose sole purpose seems to be exploiting banderas and de mornay 's bodies as often as possible . 
a lot of psychobabble is thrown around about multiple personality disorder , but the movie asks its audience not to derive the obvious conclusion between mpd and sarah , and instead offers several male characters as red herrings . 
comedian dennis miller is completely wasted here 
allow me to advise that you never watch this stinker . 
the aromas just sensually waft from her cooking pot , but who ca n't get by on looks alone in this transparently predictable story 
the film plans to exploit the beauty and sweetness of its delicious star pen ? 
you can really write the script from here on by yourself . 
var 's " all about my mother , " but here she is so visible in such a stale story , where she can only smile and tease the audience by having us see a constant barrage of cleavage shots as she bends when cooking , that 
if the film was n't terrible enough , monica and cliff act on their attraction for each other and become lovers . 
there is no special ingredient on the menu for what is dished out , its the kind of stuff i 've seen before and was made nauseous by its silly idea of love and what it thinks is funny . 
var film , the type of film it aspired to be , but more like a film that was interferred with from above . 
a sensuous romantic comedy , about as appealing as your average lightweight tv sitcom . there is no special ingredient on the menu for what is dished out , its the kind of stuff i 've seen before and was made nauseous by its silly idea of love and what it thinks is funny . 
she somehow looks ridiculous , as if she got egg all over her face . 
it was an insult to one 's intelligence . 
these tv scenes were not only bad stereotype scenes of tv honchos , they were revolting . 
its more like a futile commercial film that is more annoying than charming and more dull than chic , as it searches for box office heaven . 
would n't it have been easier to just have them fall in love instead of doing the typical spy - girl - for - the - bad - guy cliche ? i hate that . 
gee , whiz , there are so many things wrong with this movie , i do n't know where to begin . yes , i do . . . 
. last , but certainly not least , there was not one single moment in this movie that i could not predict would happen , nor did i laugh once either . 
the plot concerns two losers named gordie boggs ( david arquette , aptly cast as a neandrathal ) and sean dawkins ( scott caan ) who are so obsessed with professional wrestling that they believe everything they see on wcw monday nitro is something more than a flashy show . 
5 . simply put , they could make a movie a hundred times better , and they could do a wrestling movie the right way . 
this movie 's storyline is basically a comic rip - off of that plot with the poor man 's wayne and garth thrown in . 
i am not too fond of ted turner 's world championship wrestling , however , and i am even less fond of it now after seeing this ridiculous excuse for a wrestling movie tonight . 
and if i spoiled it for you , good , i saved you from wasting seven dollars . 
the rest of the actors are wooden mannequins trying not to laugh while delivering lines that no person -- " man - animal " or not -- would ever utter . 
it 's too loud . it 's too oppressive . it 's too slow . it 's too long . . . far too long . and on it goes . the list of the problems with " battlefield earth " is endless . it 's difficult to find anything in the film that does work . 
the real question is how this movie ever got made . 
powerless to make changes , trapped in a boring situation with no hope of rescue 
long , boring and just plain stupid battlefield earth a film review by michael redman copyright 2000 by michael redman in my mid - teen years , i had a horrendous re - occurring nightmare . 
for all of its flash and style , l . ron hubbard 's science fiction epic is the earliest and best entry for the dullest summer film of 2000 . dull " and " stupid 
are we really supposed to believe that after a millennium of looking for gold , the psychlo never discovered fort knox ? or that fighter planes are still in pristine condition after all that time -- and gassed up ? or that the cavemen become such expert pilots in seven days that they can easily down the advanced alien ships ? or that the psychlo spy cameras somehow do n't notice that their slaves are missing for days ? 
considering some of the talent involved and all the millions thrown at the screen , it 's difficult to see how it could have failed so miserably . but it does . the story is so full of holes that it falls apart within minutes of the opening credits . 
for all of its flash and style , l . ron hubbard 's science fiction epic is the earliest and best entry for the dullest summer film of 2000 . dull " and " stupid 
but there is so much to cringe at in this horribly made film that you 'll likely miss the laughs while regurgitating popcorn . 
it 's such a trite , stereotypical script 
what ensues is a badly scripted and horribly directed 114 minutes of cinema hell . what makes this all wrong is that nobody seems to have what the film needs . . . 
alley is absolutely unwatchable , and the chemistry between her and allen is about as believable as my chemistry homework from tenth grade ( which , i inform you , was total b . 
bryan spicer 's directing does n't help one bit , either . 
you 're absolutely correct ! for richer or poorer is a moronic farce about a rich married couple ( played by tim allen and kirstie alley ) who seek refuge in an amish community after their bumbling accountant ( wayne knight , best know as newman on tv 's " seinfeld " ) gets them in trouble for tax evasion . 
are in no way convincing as tycoons , nor are they very convincing as an amish couple ! this entire movie is one bad ill - conceived notion that should have been curtailed from the very beginning ! 
now that i 've pretty much run for richer or poorer into the ground 
the amish in this movie are also flimsy and unconvincing . 
it bumped seven films up a notch on my " worst of " 1997 movie list . 
alley is absolutely unwatchable , and the chemistry between her and allen is about as believable as my chemistry homework from tenth grade ( which , i inform you , was total b . s . ) . 
are in no way convincing as tycoons , nor are they very convincing as an amish couple ! this entire movie is one bad ill - conceived notion that should have been curtailed from the very beginning ! 
hey , i 've got a great idea for a movie ! ok , here it is : we 'll get tim allen to pull angry faces for about two hours or so ! what 's that ? sounds too boring ? ok , how about this then : we still have tim allen pull faces for about two hours , but half of them are angry looks and half of them are " i 'm in pain ! " looks ! what 's that ? that still does n't sound funny to you ? how about if we through in some " ewwwww ! " looks ? still not funny ? if you answered " no , that does n't sound funny " , then ( ding ding ding ! ) you 're absolutely correct ! for richer or poorer is a moronic farce about a rich married couple ( played by tim allen and kirstie alley ) who seek refuge in an amish community after their bumbling accountant ( wayne knight , best know as newman on tv 's " seinfeld " ) gets them in trouble for tax evasion . 
i started writing my will . 
then comes the transparent plotline . 
and after everyone was signed on turned into a disaster . 
even the best comic actor is at the mercy of his or her material , as this subpar submarine comedy proves . 
first grammer has to fix up the delapidated korean war ship the navy has given him , and that comes courtesy a sad sight gag montage 
kelsey grammer is good in this , he just does n't have anything to work with . 
it 's all predictable without any original humor to redeem it . 
in scenes that stretch all levels of believability . 
as for schneider ( whose character is downright annoying ) , there was nowhere to go but up after surf ninjas , although he 's still in the depths of the comedy ocean after jumping the " snl " ship . 
i watched this movie with the whole family and everyone hated it 
the whole while , evil captain coburn is overacting underwater , cursing grammer ( as most people watching the movie probably are too ) . 
as for schneider ( whose character is downright annoying ) , there was nowhere to go but up after surf ninjas , although he 's still in the depths of the comedy ocean after jumping the " snl " ship . 
my mom was so bored 
kevin williamson injected into " i know " 's unfolding story is sorely missed , replaced with the grating antics of a white rastafarian cabana boy who smokes weed and tosses off slang like " yo " ; you 'll cheer - not shriek - when he ends up with a pair of hedgetrimmers firmly implanted in his chest . 
more than a silly - sounding mouthful to blurt out to the ticket vendor , this horror sequel 's moniker also contains a grievous oversight that anyone who saw the original will be able to spot : what " you " did _ last _ summer " you " actually did the summer _ before _ last summer , and since " i " knew about it _ this _ summer as well as _ last _ summer , it 's really illogical to say that " i " _ still _ know what " you " did 
in a sense , that 's the movie 's glaring flaw 
if " i know what you did last summer , " however effective , was just the kind of movie that those subversive " scream " flicks poked fun at , then the deadly " i still know what you did last summer " deserves a full - blown roasting on " mystery science theatre 3000 . 
more than a silly - sounding mouthful to blurt out to the ticket vendor , this horror sequel 's moniker also contains a grievous oversight that anyone who saw the original will be able to spot : what " you " did _ last _ summer " you " actually did the summer _ before _ last summer , and since " i " knew about it _ this _ summer as well as _ last _ summer , it 's really illogical to say that " i " _ still _ know what " you " did 
even prequel " summer " lovers might balk at how little there is here beyond sporadically amusing absurdity and a few neat - o shots of blood flowing from toned teenage flesh . 
the characters in this film do things that are the polar opposite of smart 
movies do n't come much more ridiculously titled than " i still know what you did last summer , " but since the movie in question is best described as ridiculous , 
" unfortunately , the force is certainly no longer with mark hamill ( he looks very sick here ) , and this movie shares only basic plot elements with watchers , the book . 
it has many bloody scenes which are thoroughly unconvincing and only increase the film 's campiness rather than its suspense . 
have you ever rented a movie and recieved a sinking feeling about it when you watched the previews preceding the feature presentation ? 
" perhaps , just perhaps , the bottom - of - the - barrel film fluff advertised before it is greatly misleading . 
trust me , it 'll be time much , much better spent . 
yes , the creature out after poor einstein is some guy in a furry suit and a mask which poorly imitates 
these commercials cover films like a strange stripper movie called shadow dancer , some weird crap about a dead indian , teens , and wolves , and an " action " movie called detonator starring scott baio . 
this really is n't a good movie . 
what idiot dreamed this movie up ? after surviving these abysmal trailers , the person finally gets to watch the movie he rented : watchers reborn . 
/ whatever - the - f * * k - she's - supposed - to - be 
mercifully 
you know a movie is bad when a dog outacts all of its human counterparts . 
" unfortunately , the force is certainly no longer with mark hamill ( he looks very sick here ) , and this movie shares only basic plot elements with watchers , the book . 
the cheese factor is only increased when he 's involved in an implied sex scene with the blond biologist / geneticist / zoologist 
i find it difficult to relate how laughable the action sequences are in this movie 
the makers of watchers reborn probably want to fool unsuspecting video rental customers into thinking this might be a good movie instead of a crappy fifth installment of a film series which should have died a long time ago . 
i suppose i just do n't want to talk about the movie itself . this turkey is really cheesy . no one in this movie can act , including mark hamill , and it 's difficult seeing the aged luke skywalker stumble around trying to be the hero . 
oh , he can also rip body parts off , allowing for many scenes of fake hands and arms being thrown around . cheesy gore . 
comments : watchers reborn , a cheaply made direct - to - video turkey 
they 're awful . 
ultimately , i gave watchers reborn a star and a half because bad horror / sci - fi film buffs may get a few kicks out of the film 's silliness ( though this film will tax even their patience -- it 's an 83 minute film , but it feels like four hours ) . 
the latter is really too bad . 
it 's sad that a writer of neil simon 's stature has grown desperate enough to resort to swearing for cheap laughs , but not surprising when you look at what else gets passed off as humor in this tepid exercise . 
suffering from wheezing situation comedy set - ups and jokes straight out of the borscht - belt . 
matthau and lemmon 's charm is n't enough to compensate for simon 's hack script , which would n't pass muster even on a upn sitcom . one contrived situation follows another , lathered with enough stale one- liners to supply a dozen would - be comics on open - mike night at the local comedy club . if someone drags you to this film and you find yourself as bored as i was , try entertaining yourself by counting the product placements . 
the sequence is so creatively bankrupt that it is simply embarrassing . 
unfortunately , 
the contrived story , involving the marriage of their kids , provides the excuse for a reunion between oscar madison and felix unger , who have n't seen each other in 17 years . 
it 's sad that a writer of neil simon 's stature has grown desperate enough to resort to swearing for cheap laughs , but not surprising when you look at what else gets passed off as humor in this tepid exercise . 
while " the odd couple ii " is amiable enough , neil simon 's shockingly lazy screenplay feels like a slapped - together 
it seems downright misogynistic , as when larroquette uses his telescope to peer into the women 's showers or murray lifts a female m . 
more mind - numbingly stale here than ever . the characters are even less original , ranging from underachieving slob john candy to incompetent captain john larroquette . 
bilko -- and none of them ever manage to be anything more than a rehash of the last . 
instead , it was a bunch of unfunny crap in the army . 
wrestle five beautiful women , but while watching it all that was coming out of my mouth was the admonition " dear god ! " every few seconds . 
so he does , and we get the obligatory drill sergeant from hell , head - shaving and marching / singing sequences , 
all the big name stars in stripes ( and even larroquette ) fall victim to the lame , rehashed material and are never really likeable , murray in particular . 
year after year , more predictably cliched military movies come out -- most recently sgt . 
" i 'm not enjoying this , " the woman protests . my sentiments exactly . 
as with a lot of the late 70 's / early 80 's comedies , stripes is a completely juvenile movie only a child would like 
" mercury rising " has numerous flaws , but there is one that really stands out : its central plot device is unnecessary . 
of all the hard - to - believe aspects of the movie , this is the worst . 
the movie was directed by harold becker , who has made some good suspense films including " sea of love " ( 1989 ) and " malice " ( 1993 ) , but his talent is nowhere to be found in this latest excursion . 
it 's a difficult role for an adult , much less a young child , to play , and unfortunately hughes never convinces us that he is n't playing like he 's autistic . 
there is one fight on a streetcar between jeffries and another hitman ( played by peter stormare ) that is so ineptly directed , shot and edited , that i had no idea 1 ) exactly where they were on the streetcar , 2 ) who was hitting who , and 
however , unlike " rain man " which used its character 's autism in unique and interesting ways to build a credible and touching story , " mercury rising " could go right about its generic , predictable plot with simon being simply a really smart but really shy kid . 
the grand finale takes place on the roof of a tall building , and features a harrowing ( yawn ) scene where simon walks along the very edge of the building , not because he has to , but because it 's more suspenseful that way . 
the grinding squeals of the rusty plot machine are almost overbearing at this point . 
taken as a whole , " mercury rising " is an tepid , confused movie that lacks style , wit , and any traces of a sense of humor . 
unlike dustin hoffman 's performance in " rain man " or leonardo dicaprio 's in " what 's eating gilbert grape , " we are always painfully aware that hughes is acting . 
maybe the book was better , but the way it 's handled here is a perfect case study in formula filmmaking guaranteed to bore . 
this is because the movie wants to be an action flick and a heartfelt drama at the same time , but it ends up failing on both fronts . 
this plot device , which is seen in just about every action film made nowadays , is getting old fast . are filmmakers 
she should have returned for this one , but i do n't blame her for not wanting to waste her time with this movie 's disappointing and often lifeless screenplay , by michael piller . 
meanwhile , when there were action sequences , they were not at all interesting or inventive , relying on that old reliable ticking timer that counts down very , very slowly . 
star trek : insurrection , " is a completely unoriginal and cheap - looking installment in the series , and is a big step down 
the film was filled with nearly non - stop comedy , and worse yet , most of it fell flatter than a cartoon character that drops off a cliff . 
the film was filled with nearly non - stop comedy , and worse yet , most of it fell flatter than a cartoon character that drops off a cliff . 
" " insurrection , " is the type of " safe " sequel that will bewilder non - fans , since it is so low - tech compared to most of today 's blockbuster action films ( although most of these are honestly not very good , either ) , and should disappoint the loyal trekkies , since it could have easily been better if the makers had realized that the screenplay needed to go through a few more drafts . 
on second thought , they probably should have completely thrown the script out . 
so bankrupt of ingenuity and ideas that they must always have a timer ticking away during the climax ? 
although donna murphy , who falls victim to this thankless love interest role here , is actually one of the few characters that we get to know in the 103-minute running time , alfre woodard was far superior in , " first contact . 
in , " insurrection , " however , it plays like a low - rent episode of the television show , due to the small - scale , generic storyline , and an emphasis on one - liners rather than excitement . 
" " insurrection , " is the type of " safe " sequel that will bewilder non - fans , since it is so low - tech compared to most of today 's blockbuster action films ( although most of these are honestly not very good , either ) , and should disappoint the loyal trekkies , since it could have easily been better if the makers had realized that the screenplay needed to go through a few more drafts . 
this character is merely a poor man 's obi wan kenobi without all the mythological hoopla 
and kids will continue to see films like spawn , simply because they are unable to differentiate what makes an imaginative , wondrous film from an insipid and wasteful one . 
all this anguish , pain , half - baked themes and putrid action scenes are invisible to leguizamo , who steals the show and derives joy from his character , which is basically a compilation of so - so one liners . 
the fighting sequences are weakly executed , the dialogue is penny - dreadful and the art direction an odious duplicate of blade runner 's . as an example of this film 's vastly creative imagination the writers of spawn decided to include a poor orphan boy who is abandoned and beaten , and then rescued by spawn , so our emotions tend to be a little more sympathetic . 
every character in this film is lifeless , vacuous and seemingly written by a depressed college student . 
besides blaming a large portion of it on the laughable school system , i condemn the other part to garbage like spawn . 
the fighting sequences are weakly executed , the dialogue is penny - dreadful and the art direction an odious duplicate of blade runner 's . as an example of this film 's vastly creative imagination the writers of spawn decided to include a poor orphan boy who is abandoned and beaten , and then rescued by spawn , so our emotions tend to be a little more sympathetic . 
the fighting sequences are weakly executed , the dialogue is penny - dreadful and the art direction an odious duplicate of blade runner 's . as an example of this film 's vastly creative imagination the writers of spawn decided to include a poor orphan boy who is abandoned and beaten , and then rescued by spawn , so our emotions tend to be a little more sympathetic . 
not only does spawn rely entirely on special effects , the story , about a bewildered individual who must take on a group of * bad guys * and * find himself * in the process is realized in such a sordid , incapable manner , it becomes indigestible after a while . 
it constantly reminded us we were watching a superhero movie-- a very bad superhero movie 
perhaps no other movie better than spawn illustrates the deterioration of cinema through computer wizardry . 
the filmmakers seem to have forgotten every human element possible . the quality of this film is abysmal and insulting . 
all this anguish , pain , half - baked themes and putrid action scenes are invisible to leguizamo , who steals the show and derives joy from his character , which is basically a compilation of so - so one liners . 
movies that present no admiration , no captivation , no richness and vague interest in what children are being subjected to . 
continually the film kept on depending on special effects , and sadly 
while the summer movie season approached its long awaited cessation , we had yet another shoddy , subordinate disposable celluloid superhero movie brought on by the inexorable hasten from the major studios to please kids with everything they think kids will go for to disburse their seven bucks . 
and , once again , we have one of the worst films of the year . 
theater on the screen is usually lifeless . 
here it 's a co - conspirator . 
the movie is often like watching a filmed play . 
enough of the charade - for the most part , hudson hawk is an excruciating experience . it 's stupid , pointless and repetitive . 
but hudson hawk never even has a clue of where it 's going from minute one , and from there it 's 90 minutes of pure cinematic muck . 
the impressive cast looks suitably embarrassed . 
he piles on layer after layer of utter ridiculousness 
it 's unfortunate 
these are rather welcome in a movie filled with so many completely unfunny sight gags , cartoonish villains and unbelievable coincidences . 
action fans should take note that hudson hawk is composed of 90 % comedy , and even the action sequences are skittery , rushed and poorly edited . and those expecting a hearty laugh or two will find it difficult even to smirk during all of the headache - inducing hi - jinks . 
while i 'm not entirely sure what he was smoking when he co - wrote this script , willis is quite aware that the entire project is a big , fat , ugly joke . 
i can only wonder what bruce willis fans thought after exiting the theater , because this film really does n't have the potential to please anyone . 
it appears as if director lehmann did n't know when to stop all the absurd silliness , and 
action fans should take note that hudson hawk is composed of 90 % comedy , and even the action sequences are skittery , rushed and poorly edited . and those expecting a hearty laugh or two will find it difficult even to smirk during all of the headache - inducing hi - jinks . 
i ca n't even begin to start about the film 's absurd plot 
that mcdowell 's one - note character is used just as an excuse for there to be a predictable plot - twist , and she offers absolutely no encouraging chemistry with willis . 
i suppose it 's unfair to criticize a movie like hudson hawk , which has been panned by reviewers and moviegoers alike since it 's 1991 release . 
it 's too bad most of them are unintentional , or just plain forced 
i suppose there 's some amusement viewers could derive from the ridiculous premise , if they were that desperate . 
while i 'm not entirely sure what he was smoking when he co - wrote this script , willis is quite aware that the entire project is a big , fat , ugly joke . 
although christopher has distanced himself from the finished film , he still must shoulder some of the blame for _ 
( one of the last - minute reshoots ) . strangely upbeat and wistful , the resolution is wholly unconvincing and unsatisfying . 
hype turned into damage control when word got out about 11th - hour reshoots 
at the last minute , though , miramax did decide to screen the film ( so hastily scheduled was the screening that myers 's last name was misspelled on the invitation , not to mention the numerous typos in the press notes ) for a media audience that came away noticeably less than impressed 
these characters are about as generic as those descriptions . 
too much time is spent with the boring shane , and too little is spent on the club floor , where all the action took place . 
they fail on both counts . 
and with good reason -- somehow , some way , the supremely disappointing 
54 _ 's lifelessness . 
shane , in this incarnation , is sanitized to the point of blandness , 
54 _ has made the historically hip haven of hedonism . . . boring . 
aside from a brief glimpse of erotic encounters toward the beginning of the film , shane 's fleeting dalliance with seductive socialite billie ( sela ward ) , and an abbreviated bedhopping montage , the sexual dimension is just about ignored . 
anyhow , though , whatever time is spent on the 54 floor is not used very effectively . 
when anita finally gets her big break and perform onstage at the club , it should be a euphoric height , for her , the crowd , and the audience ; however , the moment does n't get a chance to reach that level , for it is cut short by a moment of forced sentimentality , which also mars the film 's conclusion 
( wrapped only a month ago ) , a rash of studio - imposed edits that left virtually the entire cast and crew ( especially christopher ) unhappy , and the very likely possibility that miramax would not screen the finished film for critics . 
54 _ focuses , for the most part , on a tight - knit trio of employees at the club : coat check girl / aspiring disco diva anita ( a wasted hayek ) ; her busboy husband , greg ( breckin meyer ) ; and , most prominently , the fresh - from - jersey shane o'shea ( phillippe ) , who enjoys a quick rise from busboy to head bartender . 
why is it that most courtroom scenes in the movies are absurd 
maybe he felt it would be interesting playing the devil , and you can tell he is having fun doing so , but his skill as an actor can not save the poor performances and lackluster script 
the courtroom scenes in this movie would never happen in a real courtroom , which would n't have been too bad if it were n't keanu reeves trying to pull it off . 
i considered it inexcusable the way the audience was toyed with 
i give reeves credit for trying hard , but throughout the movie i never saw the kevin lomax character , just an actor trying very hard to play kevin lomax and coming up short . 
i kept asking myself what the heck he was doing in this mess ? 
it 's pretty standard stuff , including the fact that the hotshot lawyer appears to be the only competent person on the planet who can do anything right in the courtroom . 
" over - the - top " in her performance as mary ann lomax , a disappointment in contrast to her good performance in " 2 days in the valley " . 
" over - the - top " in her performance as mary ann lomax , a disappointment in contrast to her good performance in " 2 days in the valley " . 
i know it 's a stretch , after all it is a movie and nothing really happened , but i just get annoyed to get toyed with like that . 
the actual plot revolves around the ridiculous story of a millionaire computer engineer -- the great sam rockwell -- who gets kidnapped by a mysterious rival computer company . 
diaz is a knucklehead . 
that would lend credible evidence to a jackie chan and the wachowski brothers lawsuit for intellectual property theft , and the strange transformation of sam rockwell into mickey rourke 's long - lost brother . 
" there is no camp value in the film , no interesting main characters , no invigorating action scenes , no reason at all to waste your time 
they all drive fast cars , look oh - so - fabulous even in the morning , and do n't seem to get a scratch even when fighting armed men , having buildings explode ten feet in front of them , or flying through the air in matrix slow - motion . and while the entourage spends 90 minutes romping around in cleavage - busting wetsuits , cleavage - busting waitress uniforms , and cleavage - busting wet t - shirts , they scarcely succeed in resembling so much as a group of annoying , drunk sorority girls , the kind who hit on everybody at a party . 
charlie 's angels is one of the worst examples of action film homogeneity and shameless duplicity in any film i 've seen in ages . 
charlie 's angels starts off with a bang and ends up being a soggy burrito left out overnight 
the rest of the movie comprises a revenge arc , enough costume changes to fill three productions of les miserables , carbon - copy fight sequences 
it 's a shame , too , because one of the many screenwriters , john august , was at the helm of last year 's favorite , go . 
when did banality and pandering become okay ? 
charlie 's angels is dumb . just plain dumb . 
the writers apparently ran the copier all night stealing scenes from armageddon , lethal weapon ii , all of jackie chan 's movies , the great escape , saturday night fever , revenge of the nerds , payback , darkman , dr . 
the pacing is all off in , " the butcher boy . 
francis is in almost every scene , but we learn very little about him , as if the film was distancing itself away from him when , i suspect , we were actually supposed to sympathize with him . 
his latest film , " the butcher boy , " is a return to his roots in ireland , but unfortunately , it is not a successful homecoming 
only manages to be an ineffective , uninvolivng bore . 
the supporting characters are no help , though . 
the premise of , " the butcher boy , " is one that could have very well been turned into a thought - provoking , disturbing motion picture , but somehow nothing works 
although the story could have been dynamite , it moves at a deadeningly slow rate , and i found my mind wandering every once in a while . 
the fact that we do n't get close to his character is because of the sloppy screenplay . 
the film could n't be saved , no matter how much they spent or casted . 
with corny dialogue , that the characters laugh at for some odd reason , a script that goes nowhere , dull action sequences , a predictable ending , and worst of all weak characters , there 's basically nothing to like here , except for maybe the set designs . 
after that , they basically run around killing . that alone shows how much a script is needed for a film , because once your story is introduced , you have the rest of the film to start developing it . 
save your money at all costs , or else you will be lost in the fog , like the film itself . 
with corny dialogue , that the characters laugh at for some odd reason , a script that goes nowhere , dull action sequences , a predictable ending , and worst of all weak characters , there 's basically nothing to like here , except for maybe the set designs . 
save your money at all costs , or else you will be lost in the fog , like the film itself . 
it is constantly hard to see a scene clearly due to those circumstances , and to poor camera work . 
i 'd like to actually watch a film in focus , but again , they failed to deliver that as well . 
even if you are going into the film expecting an action packed adventure , you will be disappointed . 
even the special effects are fairly unimpressive , nothing you have n't seen before , and suffice to say the script is n't going to save the film 
but it 's still bad . 
say every line in the same monotone voice with the same blank expressions on their faces . sexual tension ? more like constipation . 
right after you get over the shock of not being told what movie you 're seeing ( lest you decide to walk out upon making that discovery ) , you might notice that the movie seems to have dropped you right in the middle of a scene , with little - to - no introduction to any of the characters or situations . 
even the special effects are fairly unimpressive , nothing you have n't seen before , and suffice to say the script is n't going to save the film 
there is nothing original about this screenplay , and nothing unpredictable either . after all , no one 's going to think for a second that troy wo n't turn out to be a villain . 
since i did n't understand anything about these characters ' motivations , did i care when troy abruptly starts murdering them one - by - one ( and he does , knocking off three of them in about 10 minutes ) ? not a whit . 
the climax of their relationship ( taking place in a transport pod ) is probably the film 's biggest forehead - slapper . 
but the bigger problem with " supernova " is that it can ' t just stick to the simple plot it 's afforded . 
then a bunch of really predictable stuff starts happening . 
it 's a shame , because this cast contains a lot of talented actors looking for something to do . 
if you expect it to be good ( for whatever reasons you may have ) , you 'll probably hate it more than i will . 
as far as i can tell , it refers to a very small plot detail that is n't developed , just like the rest of these unnecessary story elements . 
the rest of the cast does even less . 
there are some attempts at " characterization , " but all that means is that nick has a shady past involving a drug addiction , which puts kaela on edge , yerzy and danika have a relationship that requires them to make kissy - faces at each other every five minutes , and benj ( apparently gay ) is in love with the computer ( apparently female ) . 
he 's awfully one - note , but it 's not as if he 's given any more notes to work with . 
every single shift in character interaction happens extremely suddenly , which is only one of the many obvious clues to how much this film has been cut . 
character relationships in this film also make very little sense . 
numerous re - writes ( the script may be credited to three people , but it 's a gross underestimate ) have crammed this lean 90-minute film with tons of extraneous plot threads that all remain underdeveloped 
say every line in the same monotone voice with the same blank expressions on their faces . sexual tension ? more like constipation . 
" supernova " is pretty awful , but i 'm cutting it a little slack merely because i expected less than what i got . 
they had lots of " great " sight gags 
turner and quaid both kept smiling like some idiots on a game show . 
the script was the worst part . 
they had characters who talked with funny accents in an attempt to make you laugh . 
i later read a ny times review that said kathleen turner and dennis quaid had gotten so plump they looked like they had the mumps in the show . 
anyone in a movie this bad would have to have guts . 
the good news is that we were smart enough to vote with our feet and left . buy some tickets and give them to your worst enemies . 
-- he goes from being a scary figure to a nutcase in a few short and painful moments . 
they 're almost used to it , and the performances show it - not hewitt , nor prinze , nor brandy , nor phifer give a decent show 
there 's not much that 's original 
god help us . 
the whole reason the plot exists - julie and karla must guess the capital of brazil in order to win the trip from the radio station - is a dead giveaway , lessening suspense and creating a hurry - up - and - wait timing problem . 
the rationale is sound , but in many cases of this and recent years , the sequel is a shoddy product that 's exposed for the cash - milking vehicle it really is . 
for die - hard fans of the genre , this will be required viewing material , but the bottom line is that the material here is just recycled from the original 
whatever uniqueness the original might 've had now seems trite and overplayed when paired with this abominable thriller . 
about i still know , and with the market saturated by gen - x thrillers like this one , it 's unlikely that i still know will get any recognition other than that of a bad sequel 
the man with the hook ends up becoming very belittled this time around when the script gives him too many lines of dialogue 
the aura of thrillerism surrounding the plot is n't heightened by skillful scripting or camera work , but rather a tense , string - based score and manipulative editing . 
besides pointless sub - plots involving the football coach ( jeffrey tambor , horribly wasted ) 
after many of the jokes , the theater was so silent i could have heard a fly sneeze . 
his uneventful direction prevents any aspects of his screenplay to be appreciated ( not that his writing here is especially good ) . 
mirren 's performance is one of the very few delights in this distressingly hollow black comedy that goes down like a flat soft drink 
besides pointless sub - plots involving the football coach ( jeffrey tambor , horribly wasted ) 
she is convincingly evil and fun to watch , but even her gifted delivery ca n't save individual scenes that flounder in boredom . 
if there is one word for the movie surrounding her , it would be ` disappointing ' . 
material that could have been enjoyable is rendered totally ridiculous by poor handling on the part of the director . 
a moment like that never arises . 
what used to be intelligent about his films is hopelessly stale here . 
basically , kevin williamson is his worst enemy here . 
i fear the name of kevin williamson may soon be a forgotten echo of the past . 
while everything is pretty lifeless , teaching mrs . 
mirren 's performance is one of the very few delights in this distressingly hollow black comedy that goes down like a flat soft drink 
, there is little by way of actual progress . there is no urgency to the situation ; little tension or laughs are involved . 
tingle , a black comedy that will leave a gaping void in his optimistic followers , may put an end to his reign . 
williamson also does a handsome job of wasting some of the key supporting players , including the talented mckean and larry sanders ' vet tambor . 
the components are all there , including an encouraging premise that all high school students can relate to . but where are the thrills ? the laughs ? both are supposedly absent from this draggy exercise in elaborate revenge . and what a shame that is . 
the plot is a big problem here . 
there are a few promising ideas that pop up now and again , but anything remotely interesting is squandered by the inane script . 
the humor is completely inconsistent . 
it was the kind of movie that you hoped would somehow end soon , as it seemed to be in the habit of rehashing its same viewpoint unnecessarily -- the message it keeps sending was already received . 
but by showing how the boy is so terrified of his strict father that he wets his pants in his presence , refuses to speak because of his stern dad , and eventually becomes the victim of a tragic accident , the film thereby exploits the boy 's sufferings and his story just becomes tiresome and not sincerely done 
a film that means well , but is too pushy in promoting its belabored point and too sentimental to be compelling as a drama . 
there 's a barrage of overdone and uninvolving scenes with a sneering concierge ( bradley ) , who keeps making nasty remarks about jews and tries to make things inconvenient for them by preventing the jewish family from using the elevator . 
the film is done in by its ham - fisted script as the story , adapted from carl friedman 's book " the shovel and the loom , " goes from one false note to another until it gets lost in all the goo of its sentimentality . 
the supporting cast consists of all wooden characters who give their roles a cartoonish flavoring 
: chaja 's parents are given no human shades , while the janitor villain was a particularly annoying role that was one - dimensional and falsely acted . 
the film is done in by its ham - fisted script as the story , adapted from carl friedman 's book " the shovel and the loom , " goes from one false note to another until it gets lost in all the goo of its sentimentality . 
i felt i did n't just see a movie , but i attended a lecture for the whole 100 minutes of this serious but unappetizing story . 
the effort seemed heavy - handed , as the film kept delivering too many obvious messages that it ponderously kept delivering through the stock characters . 
the music is blaring , the floors moving , the ceiling morphing and the pictures on the walls screaming -- and all of this , every second , every moment of screen time , is absolutely without life . 
" haunting " has only special effects and art direction to boast of . and those elements alone are not enough to make it a good film . casting good actors for small , pale parts only makes things worse . 
in the end " haunting " will only haunt its fledgling studio ( dream works skg ) and de bont 's career as a director . 
these great actors are basically helpless with this muddled mess that defies any rationality . 
it 's nothing more than a special effects - extravaganza ; visually impressive , but intellectually hollow thriller that simply does n't engage 
but the computerized spooketeria rarely feels real , placing an emotional wall between audience and screen . 
this may be true , and it might actually work , but there is only one problem -- jan de bont is not hichock and the things that he shows are not scary , only stupid . 
it 's nothing more than a special effects - extravaganza ; visually impressive , but intellectually hollow thriller that simply does n't engage 
it is at that point when all your hopes for a good entertainment disappears out of the window 
the worst thing about it is that it did n't have to be bad . 
they are impossible to take seriously . 
oscar nominatored cinematographer william fraker gives the film a nice look , but director chelsom shows none of the quirkily and blackly humorous depth 
the major problem with " town and country " is that it 's unstructured and random . 
porter 's romantic misadventures with women ( other than mona ) are equally mishandled . 
hawn smartly recycles her mature sex kitten wives of " the out of towners " and " the first wives ' club " while shandling 's relegated to true second banana status . 
andie macdowell takes a weirdly unappealing role and does what she can with the screenplay 's most bizarre subplot , which finds charlton heston as her rifle toting , billionaire daddy and marian seldes as her alcoholic , wheelchair - bound , foul - mouthed mother . 
but it 's not very good either . 
while " town and country " is n't exactly painful to sit through , it mostly just lays there . 
the major problem with " town and country " is that it 's unstructured and random . 
kinski is bland and unmotivated . 
once the marital discord begins , the film seems as if it was editted with a machete , stopping and starting , never regaining its rhythm . 
the script is this film 's weakest link - it 's telling that most of the ( few ) laughs come from old - fashioned physical slapstick and the sight of beatty in a bear suit . 
after an amusing early scene that has porter overhearing three bouts of lovemaking while in search of a nocturnal snack , the six supporting players are dropped except for an out - of - nowhere appearance by the formerly forgotten son . 
although the film begins promisingly , resembling a woody allen take on new york city wasps , too many strands drift off into nowhere . 
the main problem with 8 mm is that the whole film is completely pointless . 
but earlier when we see welles being hired for the case he 's told that he was hired because he comes highly recommended . huh ? 
it 's totally absurd . . 
i think the final straw would be when cage returns home , devastated by everything that he 's seen on this case , and then is no longer able to rake his lawn ! 
someone stop joel schumacher before he vomits into a film canister again and tries to pass it off as a movie . 
really really getting on my nerves . 
you 're capable of much better 
i 'm starting to doubt if you 're capable of anything else besides urinating onto the institution of american cinema . 
other things that bugged me about 8 mm : one would be the music , if you can call it that . 
whenever the score starts up , it sounds like techno music , and then this awful indian or middle eastern type music will accompany it . awful decision there joel . 
for 8 mm , he delivers a very wooden one , and only shines when he 's interacting with joaquin phoenix ( who gives a great performance as a porn shop clerk with a heart of gold who helps cage with his case ) . 
( in one of those ridiculous " since we 're going to kill you anyway , why not tell you the whole thing " moments ) . 
the main problem with 8 mm is that the whole film is completely pointless . 
even with the huge cast talent , the film is a waste of my time and certainly a waste of yours . 
i woke up early the day i died ' is a perfectly bad film . 
some of the low points are when ' the thief ' steals a woman 's purse , and then she faints , sandra bernhard as a dancer and tippi hendren as a deaf woman whom ' the thief ' kills to the music of ' psycho ' . come on people get some new ideas already ! what 's even worse is that the film has no plot at all . 
it shows us how low filmmakers get sometimes just when desperate to make a movie . 
the film moves along at a rather slow pace , but does have one advantage : the soundtrack which is catchy and vibrant except the first song which can be offensive to some . 
a film which was based on a ' long - lost ' script by ed wood , i have only one question : no dialogue , only music and movement 
it may not however be the worst movie made but it certainly ranks as one bad movie . 
some of the low points are when ' the thief ' steals a woman 's purse , and then she faints , sandra bernhard as a dancer and tippi hendren as a deaf woman whom ' the thief ' kills to the music of ' psycho ' . come on people get some new ideas already ! 
we 're bored out of our mind and ready for something fun and exciting to happen . ' 
where exactly is the point ? 
it opens with a fun , innovative opening credits sequence and quickly goes downhill after that . 
well mediocre to me . 
unfortunately there are no deep characters , and little to make us care who eventually ends up with the metal case or why they want it . 
one wonders what they saw in the script . the characters are mostly one - dimensional professional killers . 
zeik 's screenplay is a bit obscure . 
it has a lot of subplots and characters that appear and disappear as quickly as they came ( which makes me think the writers did n't get along ) , all of which is n't necessary . 
it has a lot of subplots and characters that appear and disappear as quickly as they came ( which makes me think the writers did n't get along ) , all of which is n't necessary . 
but when you listen to darnell 's four letter word vocabulary watch his actions , you wonder why such an intelligent woman would fall for a guy like darnell period , much less have such an unhealthy obsession for him ! 
one final flaw , though , is letting brandi fall for darnell to begin with . 
it 's too long 
the main problem with martin lawrence 's pet project , a thin line between love and hate , like any fatal attraction variation where the protagonist is a man , is that his character is an irresponsible jerk , and if that is the case , it does n't seem to do anything except justify the woman 's actions . 
i found myself thinking , " i 'm supposed to feel sorry for this guy ? " after all , it is largely darnell 's fault . 
lazily written parts , and they help it out a lot . 
claire of the moon is such an impossibly serious and sober movie that i was waiting for someone to sneeze , just to break the ice . 
potentially interesting idea made stagy and boring . 
obviously , the two of them are going to have plenty to talk about , and for the entire one hundred and twelve insufferable minutes of this movie , that 's all they do : talk . 
the movie sets up its ( microscopic ) plot with beat - a - dead - horse - into - glue obviousness . 
the movie then quickly degenerates into lots of scenes where noel glances at claire with significance , and claire looks out over the water reflectively . 
we might as well be watching an overheated docudrama about aids . 
( ugh ! ) 
almost always winds up producing a movie that 's unwatchably boring ? 
. is not lesbianism as such , but the leaden way it 's handled . 
what this movie needed was a good swift kick in the pants . 
claire is one strained speech after another , written delivered with all of the energy and spontenaity of a dmv clerk . 
all of this , of course , leads up to a scene of complete inevitability : 
how can anyone with a three digit iq argue that it provides them . unfortunately , these kinds of flicks will continue to be produced because people no longer have expectations ; one idiotic super - hyped blockbuster flick after another has desensitized audiences to the point where films do n't need to do anything more than promise a good time without the added pressure of delivering . 
, in i know what you did last summer it was a fisher man 's rain slicker ( in the middle of summer no less ) , and in urban legend the disguise sinks to the level of mel brooks parody 
i lost all hope for the possibility of any genuine scares in urban legend about ten minutes in when i caught a glimpse of the killer . 
( so irritating 
ironically those aggravating sacks of human waste provide the only entertainment in the film ; if viewed as a vicarious fantasy urban legend can be mildly entertaining . 
but forget all that , it goes without saying that mad slasher films ( or any other exploitation off - shoot ) will be made without an ounce of craft ( especially considering the sheer volume that are produced ) . 
the third most irritating thing about the film ( the first being the lack of craft , the second the lack of exploitation ) -- its characters , all of whom are just about the most annoying group of people i 've ever spent an evening with . 
the third most irritating thing about the film ( the first being the lack of craft , the second the lack of exploitation ) -- its characters , all of whom are just about the most annoying group of people i 've ever spent an evening with . 
despite its considerable production value and the absence of any boom mics slipping into frame , it is just as awful as any no budget entry in the slasher sweepstakes . as far as the possibility of some good natured exploitation urban legend 's setting alone offers a myriad of promising possibilities : it takes place on a college campus , which is always an appropriate playground for the crazed killer . 
it 's the kind of movie where the villain calmly purses a running - like - the - wind - prey , yet still manages to catch that prey through some really awful editing techniques . 
the third most irritating thing about the film ( the first being the lack of craft , the second the lack of exploitation ) -- its characters , all of whom are just about the most annoying group of people i 've ever spent an evening with . 
i wo n't spoil the surprise as to what urban legends are used , after all the film does offer fine 2 : 00 am cable viewing if you happen to be intoxicated enough . sad to say , it does n't include my favorite urban legend : a fairly graphic antidote concerning richard gere and a very unhappy gerbil . 
no nudity , little gore , and much stupidity 
urban legend is not only idiotic and clich ? ? full 
the lack of enthusiastic exploitation . 
for film makers , gore is one of the two weapons they have at their disposal in a stale , fright - free horror movie , as stephen king once said ( again paraphrasing ) " if you ca n't scare your audience , gross em ' out , if you ca n't do that , make em ' laugh " . 
alas , urban legend succeeds only at the latter , though not by intention . 
the third most irritating thing about the film ( the first being the lack of craft , the second the lack of exploitation ) -- its characters , all of whom are just about the most annoying group of people i 've ever spent an evening with . 
the most annoying of the bunch is a tie between noxima girl rebecca gayheart and sitcom star michael rosenbaum , as a supremely irritating lout 
unfortunately , these kinds of flicks will continue to be produced because people no longer have expectations ; one idiotic super - hyped blockbuster flick after another has desensitized audiences to the point where films do n't need to do anything more than promise a good time without the added pressure of delivering . 
the most annoying of the bunch is a tie between noxima girl rebecca gayheart and sitcom star michael rosenbaum , as a supremely irritating lout 
but alas , 
it was like they stole for every other movie down to a " t " . 
" i did n't like this movie because it seemed to be a rip off of every other airplane movie i 've ever seen . 
this is already a problem . 
do n't even bother ! 
for those people , it may be worth it , for luckily there is much more music than shoddy attempts at acting , but when the story does intrude upon the festivities , the film is heavily bogged down with unfunny jokes , musicians turned stiff actors , and the pointless 10-year- old buster attempting to add some sort of home alone cuteness to the whole thing . 
the movie turns into a series of music videos with a few bits of acting in between . 
much of this film seems nothing more than aykroyd 's self - serving vanity project , but no matter how much fun aykroyd may be having with this , none of the excitement is passed on to the audience . and seeing three guys in three - piece suits goofily dancing around with poker faces can only be funny for so long . unfortunately , those two seconds are over about fifteen minutes into the film . 
much of this film seems nothing more than aykroyd 's self - serving vanity project , but no matter how much fun aykroyd may be having with this , none of the excitement is passed on to the audience . and seeing three guys in three - piece suits goofily dancing around with poker faces can only be funny for so long . unfortunately , those two seconds are over about fifteen minutes into the film . 
you 'll be bored out of your skull . 
eighteen years after the blues brothers hit theaters , blues brothers 2000 is being unleashed , minus half of its original duo ( the late john belushi ) and nearly all of its original charm . 
much of this film seems nothing more than aykroyd 's self - serving vanity project , but no matter how much fun aykroyd may be having with this , none of the excitement is passed on to the audience . and seeing three guys in three - piece suits goofily dancing around with poker faces can only be funny for so long . unfortunately , those two seconds are over about fifteen minutes into the film . 
a movie laced with a good blend of action , comedy , and a heavy dose of musical celebrity guest appearances sounds pretty gourmet , but even the best ingredients can be thrown together in the wrong way , creating a dismal and unsatisfactory product . 
many , many scenes are nauseatingly unfunny , and if you do n't have a passion for very deep blues / rock , 
the most notable being the now infamous tent scene ) , and that just is n't enough to warrant even a minor recommendation . 
if only austin powers : the spy who shagged me had been just half as original , zany , silly and totally enjoyable as its predecessor , it would have easily been one of this summer 's biggest pleasures . if only . 
a similar scene played very well in the original international man of mystery , but here i was insulted by it . 
the filmmakers bombard us with used - up , tired jokes taken directly from the first one . take the scene where austin powers ( again played by mike myers , but with only a fraction of the giddy enthusiasm he displayed previously ) confronts a henchmen on the side of a cliff . 
pacing of the film is simply too slow to thrill the viewers , and those patient enough to sit through its entirety have to wait a long time between any interesting or significant developments . 
pacing of the film is simply too slow to thrill the viewers , and those patient enough to sit through its entirety have to wait a long time between any interesting or significant developments . 
instead , they would have to settle with pointless , slow scenes involving nelson , brosnan and laurence treill 's attempts of serious acting . 
unfortunately , this film has too little of those supposedly erotic scenes , so those who wanted to watch erotic thriller have all the reasons to feel disappointed . 
low budget also becomes painfully visible , and physical attributes of laurence 
unfortunately , this film has too little of those supposedly erotic scenes , so those who wanted to watch erotic thriller have all the reasons to feel disappointed . 
all of those definitely not worth spending hour and half of someone 's precious time . 
" it 's clear the film does n't want to waste time on reality and thus the attempt to establish plausability ( the most minimal amount necessary ) comes across as a half - assed effort 
, it 's just such a cliche in and of itself , that , uhh . . . 
" unfortunately , as is the case with most modern thrillers , once the film showed potential for authenticity and intelligence , the cliches and action sequences take over , " - review of " the jackal . 
we want to have something exciting to watch , not a slow build - up of a story ( god forbid ! ) , and this film plays right into the mainstream 's hands . . . 
( i , and the other audience members only laughed once during the entire two hours ) , unoriginal and unthrilling . 
" unfortunately , as is the case with most modern thrillers , once the film showed potential for authenticity and intelligence , the cliches and action sequences take over , " - review of " the jackal . 
it 's genuinely unfunny 
this is a review i do n't even want to write because i 'd just be laying the same criticisms on it that i would with any other so - generic - and - predictable - it's - beyond - ridiculous piece of hollywood fluff 
there 's a fine line separating homage from plagiarism . . . , " - review of " godzilla " ( 1998 ) 
supporting characters and shady sup - plots are introduced , but as is the case with films made up of a large cast of characters , only a handful have any real significance . . . 
this overcooked souffle is n't completely fit for the garbage disposal , looking smashing in her todd oldham - designed duds and investing much more in her perfunctory part than she ever gets in return . 
simply irresistible " is actually quite easy to deny , a disaster of culinary and other proportions pretty much from the opening on . 
the intrusive musical score distracts from the flat dialogue at regular intervals , but 
amateurishly staged scenes cancel each other out in their badness , from an embarrassing seduction in a literal vanilla fog to an impromptu dance sequence where tom and amanda do their best fred and ginger - though fred and ginger never took part in anything this garish . 
this overcooked souffle is n't completely fit for the garbage disposal , looking smashing in her todd oldham - designed duds and investing much more in her perfunctory part than she ever gets in return . 
- tom and amanda are so thin and ambiguously defined that there 's just no fun rooting for their inevitable " happily ever after . 
excruciating movie up . 
the intrusive musical score distracts from the flat dialogue at regular intervals , but 
simply irresistible , " on the other hand , is about as challenging as an easy - bake oven . amateurishly staged scenes cancel each other out in their badness , from an embarrassing seduction in a literal vanilla fog to an impromptu dance sequence where tom and amanda do their best fred and ginger - though fred and ginger never took part in anything this garish . 
nor do the otherworldly powers that serve to bring them together make sense , so we 're left with a ho - hum relationship based on enchanted eclairs ; it 's not going to last long , people . 
it 's certainly a dish best not served in it 's current condition , but one can only guess that , without gellar , " simply irresistible " would be strictly unwatchable . 
but a majority of " simply irresistible " 's resistibility factor has less to do with the afore - mentioned overkill 
than the bland leads 
fahdlan is chosen as the 13th and last warrior in a moment that is so desperately overacted and overdone that numerous persons at the screening i attended broke out into laughter . 
the film , based on michael crichton 's best selling novel , eaters of the dead was shot under that name some three years ago , and after numerous rewrites not only does the dialogue seem completely phony , but the plot is incredibly difficult to follow . 
my vote goes for the ending credits , where you can start trying to put the awful experience behind you . 
the movie proves to be a new low point for banderas , who 's acting seems closer to that of his role as the lover and caretaker for a dying gay man in 1993 's philadelphia , than that of a warrior . 
the film , based on michael crichton 's best selling novel , eaters of the dead was shot under that name some three years ago , and after numerous rewrites not only does the dialogue seem completely phony , but the plot is incredibly difficult to follow . 
the 13th warrior reeks so badly of melodrama and poor acting that it carries a worst scent than a canine 's least appetizing residue 
" , " why does no one ever have blood cover both sides of their face , but rather just one side ? " and finally , " will the manager give me a refund ? " 90 minutes into the 103 minute film , a man invites of the warriors " come with me , there is a woman who can help . 
unfortunately , banderas delivers it in a fashion that makes chevy chase 's career look like oscar material . 
so laughably ludicrous that you may think you 've stumbled into the sequel to mystery science theater 3000 : 
so overblown that it makes the lion king soundtrack sound like chamber music . 
how about the three guys with rifles , who trap a lion and then ca n't even hit the damned thing ? or the ham - on - wry acting of michael douglas , who chews more scenery than the animals ever do ? ? 
or , my favorite , lions so agile that they can even climb onto rooftops ? ! ? 
the movie does n't make a lick of sense , though , either as an epic or as your basic boo - fest 
how about the three guys with rifles , who trap a lion and then ca n't even hit the damned thing ? or the ham - on - wry acting of michael douglas , who chews more scenery than the animals ever do ? ? 
he 's proven that he can be much funnier than these formulaic films 
still , its slightly amusing parts are longed for when the movie gets bogged down in sappy moments . 
he tries to infuse some life into it , but it gets bogged down with sentimentality and a lack of sophistication . 
gheorghe muresan is n't a natural actor at all , and his thick cotton - mouthed accent certainly does n't help 
gheorghe muresan is n't a natural actor at all , and his thick cotton - mouthed accent certainly does n't help 
he 's so big ! " , and that can only go so far , no matter how hard the talent tries 
why does billy crystal continually get caught in these pathetic comedies ? 
you could n't care less about 
attempting to graft " 2001 " esque space mysticism with " terminator " robot horror , first time director antony hoffman ca n't seem to figure out what 's going on . neither can we . 
there are so many mis - steps . 
this film does a remarkable job of demonstrating exactly how exciting watching algae grow would be . after some mumbo - jumbo about an ecological disaster on earth and an interminable wait to reach the fourth planet , the ship falls apart almost as fast as the movie does . 
every opportunity to create dynamic tension is thwarted by plot holes and lackluster direction . 
after some mumbo - jumbo about an ecological disaster on earth and an interminable wait to reach the fourth planet , the ship falls apart almost as fast as the movie does . 
two hours later , they 're still waiting . 
on the red planet , they fail entirely . 
all dramatic tension between both principals is freeze - dried and off - the - rack . 
money train is one of the worst movies i have ever seen . it 's not simply idiotic , it 's contemptuous of its audience . 
the few jokes that do work are wasted . a drama ? 
the subplot with the token booth killer is inept , a throwaway that should have been ditched in the rewrite . 
i covered my face . i 'd seen enough . 
the movie is completely schizophrenic in its tone and texture . what exactly is this mess ? 
there was n't a minute when i gave a horse 's ass about any of it . 
( actual dialogue excerpt : " fuck you . " " what ? " " you heard me : fuck * you * . " " no : fuck * you * ! " ) 
this braindead 
they are idiots , and we 're expected to root for them . bullcrap . 
capsule : an insult . a stupid and incompetent movie that does n't even have the benefit of being trashily enjoyable . 
i 've never seen a movie work so hard and in so little time to destroy , systematically , any chance of being credible or interesting . fed up with the bs at their job ( most of it their own goddamned fault ) , woody and wesley hatch this plot about how to rob the money train . 
i 've tried writing screenplays , and even * i * suspect that if i tried to pitch this mess , i 'd get laughed out of the office . 
it 's a waste of wesley snipes and woody harrelson , who are enjoyable actors in their own rights but are nauseating here . 
i 've weasted enough time on this piece of tripe . 
we do not care about them . they are not interesting . they are noisy , loud , stupid , foolish jerks who whould have flunked out of the police academy . 
it 's not even fun as trash . 
it 's a waste of wesley snipes and woody harrelson , who are enjoyable actors in their own rights but are nauseating here . 
the joylessness of the proceedings , from the oppressively shady lighting to the mechanical fight scenes , can be felt in every frame . 
when the musketeers finally get to holler " all for one , and one for all , " i could have sworn that was dumas rolling in his grave 
now , look : i do n't know whose idea this was , but whoever is responsible deserves a severe tongue - lashing . 
at the very least , they can inspire viewers to actually read the book - but films as dull as this have no positive side effects . 
it 's as though anything that may have been construed as " fun " was purposely expunged from the production . 
and when push comes to shove , the use of stunt doubles is distractingly obvious , though at least roth gets to play a villain without having to wear an ape suit . 
maybe the reason for the utter lack of suspense here is the hyams 's tone , which is unreasonably dark and brooding when you consider the reader 's digest condensed version of the story that he gives us . 
with the musketeer we get the sense that it was meticulously crafted to be awful . 
instead , we get impressively choreographed but somehow vacuous , uninvolving action sequences that emerge from emptiness and lead to nothing . 
it 's just awful : spiritless , silly and unforgivably boring , transforming the timeless classic into a mish - mash of old - as - time clich ? s and incoherent , repetitive action sequences . 
chambers ca n't act 
the joylessness of the proceedings , from the oppressively shady lighting to the mechanical fight scenes , can be felt in every frame . 
the film often makes no sense ( a several - hundred foot tall beast hides in subway tunnels ) , sports second - rate effects ( the baby godzillas seem to be one computer effect multiplied on the screen ) , lame jokes 
it gets old fast . 
, horrendous acting 
the film often makes no sense ( a several - hundred foot tall beast hides in subway tunnels ) , sports second - rate effects ( the baby godzillas seem to be one computer effect multiplied on the screen ) , lame jokes 
( even matthew broderick is dull ) and an unbelievable love story ( why would anyone want to get back together with maria pitillo 's character ? ) . 
in this re - make of the 1954 japanese monster film , godzilla is transformed into a " jurassic park " copy who swims from the south pacific to new york for no real reason and trashes the town . 
the film often makes no sense ( a several - hundred foot tall beast hides in subway tunnels ) , sports second - rate effects ( the baby godzillas seem to be one computer effect multiplied on the screen ) , lame jokes 
there are other elements of the film that fall flat , but going on would just be a waste of good words . 
( michael redman has written this column for 23 years and has seldom had a more disorienting cinematic experience than seeing both " fear and loathing " and " godzilla " in the same evening . ) 
phillippe , who continues to exceed my expectations with his impenetrable , invulnerable blandness 
the ones who do are irritating . 
the film fails in every other way , too . 
in fact , i was much more impressed with this recognition than with the actual film , which is an appalling excuse for a movie . 
nobody acts like this . 
even the " intellectuals " i know do n't bother with this kind of pointless and pretentious yammering . 
but -- dear god ! -- sebastian valmont actually begins to fall for poor annette hargrove . 
i suppose this kind of movie was inevitable ; with all the teen high - school angst movies coming out , there was certainly room for a pretentious and laughable movie about a bunch of teenagers who think they 're smarter and more beautiful than all the other people on earth combined . 
gellar , while aesthetically pleasing , is one - dimensional and utterly repulsive . 
the result is a picture of confounding badness , a kiddie - porn mess that thinks it 's really deep and profound 
" it was clear to me that the film would be an obvious chunk of plagiarized nonsense , owing everything it is to stephen frears ' 1988 masterpiece . 
in his translation , roger kumble forgot character development and sympathy -- some pretty crucial elements . 
it 's kiddie - porn hackwork , complete with earthy sex - talk and fully - clothed hand - jobs . 
i 'll give cruel intentions credit for realizing its influences , but that does n't change the fact that it 's awful . 
it ca n't even work under the pretense of " meaningful love scene , " because we hate the characters . 
cruel intentions is bad for many reasons , but it lacks both believable characters and masterful acting 
cruel intentions is a mess in every possible way , and it fails primarily in the way i expected it to : i hated all the characters , and i hate everything they do . 
kumble has drained all the interesting aspects from this character , leaving us with a sex - crazed lunatic who is supposed to be sympathetic because he falls in love with a moral flower and shuns the wicked bitch . 
true , he is bad , but it does n't help that he has no character to work with . 
it may be a bit too gloomy for it 's own good , 
the director , who bought us cronos , a far superior film , directs the film in a calm , and frankly dull movie . 
k , if slightly below average . 
the camera cuts all over the place , disoreitating the audience , and instead of involving the audience in the action , it merely alienates them . 
but looks are n't good enough to save mimic from the depths of mediocre , somewhere where it should n't really belong . 
sorvino and company are as 2d as characters come , with the script not bothering to develop them . 
if it is , then the director and writers have made the wrong move , because this is perfectly suited to be an all out action fest . 
there is some action in this film , but it 's directed in such an annoying way , it 's just infuriating to watch . 
in fact , the script is embarrsingly weak , and the characterizations not much better . 
what should be a roller coaster ride with bugs everywhere , tons of gory deaths and some massive set pieces instead turns out to be a rather subdued , almost boring movie which plods along at a very slow pace . 
a shame . 
if the dialogue was intelligent , then it would be all right , but it 's sadly babbling nonsense 
everyone knows that old rule , ' never work with children and animals . ' in this latest horror flick mimic case , it 's ' never work with children and genetically enhanced killer animals ' instead , as mimic features both of these and succeeds in doing nothing except mildly engaging the audience . 
i ca n't really recommend speed 2 . 
i looked for the " action " but could n't find it . 
but the ilm special effects ca n't save the movie . for all the money 
i ca n't blame keanu reeves for declining this part . 
they could have done better . 
then there 's willem dafoe , the villain , who desperately tries to look as frightening as frankenstein 's monster . 
you will probably like the movie if you like funny situations that are n't meant to be funny . 
an untidy appearance is n't enough to convince the viewer of his psychopath potential . before he tries again to make us believe he is a dangerous man 
he should practise for a while in front of a mirror . 
yet , i must report disappointment . 
the cast tries hard , especially hank azaria , whose character adopts an effete british accent while in costume , but the script is just too lame to run . 
the script is probably the worst of 1999 . nearly every joke misfires . the stabs at comic books are too obvious to be funny . 
also , the last 20 minutes are so hackneyed , so cliched 
while he was fun and breezy in earlier films such as raising arizona ( 1987 ) , ever since leaving las vegas ( 1995 ) , cage has lost much of his acting talent and appears to be on autopilot , such as in the terrible snake eyes ( 1998 . ) here , in 8 mm , he 's boring , uninteresting and has a dull monotonous voice . 
8 mm has the problem of not wanting to shock too much , and apart from a few moments , most of the action in the film is nothing you have n't seen from another standard thriller . 
unlike seven , 8 mm is n't too clever , and the twist is pathetic and startlingly obvious when it arrives . lacking the strong characters 
8 mm is far from an success , a ' snuffed ' opportunity . with a boring lead character , ' controversial ' scenes that manage not to be controversial , and a director obsessed with looks , what could have been one of the most shocking films of the year is a dumb thriller . 
schumacher also has no idea how to shock and audience , and though we are meant to be looking at the ' dark belly ' of the porn industry , it does n't exactly leave an haunting impression on the viewers mind , which misses the point . 
catherine keener is completely wasted as cage 's wife , although she delivers a far better performance than her character deserves . 
8 mm , written by seven scribe andrew kevin walker , has an interesting idea which is ruined by hollywood formula to become a bog standard murder mystery . 
8 mm is far from an success , a ' snuffed ' opportunity . with a boring lead character , ' controversial ' scenes that manage not to be controversial , and a director obsessed with looks , what could have been one of the most shocking films of the year is a dumb thriller . 
the cast help towards the entertainment , apart from an hideous performance by the increasingly lazy nicolas cage . 
her character , though , is hugely underwritten , one of the most wasted characters of the year . 
ultimately , 8 mm is probably worth renting on home video , unless your desperate to see what the snuff film within the film looks like . and trust me , the rest of the 2 hours are not worth it . 
seven featured , 8 mm ultimately becomes uninvolving plot wise , and relies on the graphic scenes to provide any entertainment . 
8 mm is far from an success , a ' snuffed ' opportunity . with a boring lead character , ' controversial ' scenes that manage not to be controversial , and a director obsessed with looks , what could have been one of the most shocking films of the year is a dumb thriller . 
while he was fun and breezy in earlier films such as raising arizona ( 1987 ) , ever since leaving las vegas ( 1995 ) , cage has lost much of his acting talent and appears to be on autopilot , such as in the terrible snake eyes ( 1998 . ) here , in 8 mm , he 's boring , uninteresting and has a dull monotonous voice . 
unlike seven , 8 mm is n't too clever , and the twist is pathetic and startlingly obvious when it arrives . lacking the strong characters 
put reindeer games on the shelf of shame with his 1996 version of the island of dr . 
he 's also extremely inept 
on paper , it seems like the stuff of a potential caper comedy , but veteran director john frankenheimer wrongly picks up that piece of paper and thinks he 's looking at the makings for some sort of clever action - crime thriller . 
. . how to immediately lose my attention : follow your opening scene with a terminally dull nice - guys - who - don't - deserve - to - be - in - prison scene . 
how to take your bad idea and make things worse : include two or three plot twists that , instead of making the apparently stupidity of the plan seem suddenly intelligent , make the plan seem even more ridiculous and unlikely . 
in the past , affleck has been at his best as a supporting actor , and reindeer games does nothing to further his viability as a leading man . 
how to take your bad idea and make things worse : include two or three plot twists that , instead of making the apparently stupidity of the plan seem suddenly intelligent , make the plan seem even more ridiculous and unlikely . this is a bad movie . and what 's worse is that , except for a few moments near the not - so - stunning conclusion as the preposterous is replaced by the ludicrously preposterous , reindeer games never really gives us the satisfaction of being laughably bad . if they 'd done that much , at least i would have been entertained . 
already the cliches are piled on thick , and when it rains , it pours . how to take my attention , dash it violently against the rocks , and make it so that i 'm contemplating my strategy for calling " shotgun " about an hour 
step one in making your movie as easily forgotten as possible : cast ben affleck in the role of the world 's most generic hero . 
your first clue that something is n't gon na be quite right 
but he 's certainly guilty of churning out some certifiable losers . . . 
and what 's worse is that , except for a few moments near the not - so - stunning conclusion as the preposterous is replaced by the ludicrously preposterous , reindeer games never really gives us the satisfaction of being laughably bad . if they 'd done that much , at least i would have been entertained . 
how to take your bad idea and make things worse : include two or three plot twists that , instead of making the apparently stupidity of the plan seem suddenly intelligent , make the plan seem even more ridiculous and unlikely . 
and what 's worse is that , except for a few moments near the not - so - stunning conclusion as the preposterous is replaced by the ludicrously preposterous , reindeer games never really gives us the satisfaction of being laughably bad . if they 'd done that much , at least i would have been entertained . 
your second clue that something is n't gon na be quite right 
he gets no good one - liners , he does n't get to shoot or implode anything in new and interesting ways , and all we know about him is that he regrets his past as a car thief and wants a cup of hot chocolate and piece of pecan pie . 
and what 's worse is that , except for a few moments near the not - so - stunning conclusion as the preposterous is replaced by the ludicrously preposterous , reindeer games never really gives us the satisfaction of being laughably bad . if they 'd done that much , at least i would have been entertained . 
that is why this film suffers . 
the new ' minor - regulars ' such as o'callaghan and piper are not able to enliven the movie and the toilet humour becomes humourless after a while . 
overdoes his role as spanner making him so annoying as to be unfunny . 
the film suffers from annoying performances by bernard bresslaw and especially kenneth cope . 
additionally , bill maynard as fred moore is very poor . 
the toilet humour becomes tiresome very quickly and some of the performances leave a lot to be desired . this movie does not know where it is going . 
overdoes his role as spanner making him so annoying as to be unfunny . 
it is at that point when all your hopes for a good entertainment disappears out of the window 
but the computerized spooketeria rarely feels real , placing an emotional wall between audience and screen . 
in the end " haunting " will only haunt its fledgling studio ( dream works skg ) and de bont 's career as a director . 
" haunting " has only special effects and art direction to boast of . and those elements alone are not enough to make it a good film . casting good actors for small , pale parts only makes things worse . 
they are impossible to take seriously . 
the worst thing about it is that it did n't have to be bad . 
the music is blaring , the floors moving , the ceiling morphing and the pictures on the walls screaming -- and all of this , every second , every moment of screen time , is absolutely without life . 
it 's nothing more than a special effects - extravaganza ; visually impressive , but intellectually hollow thriller that simply does n't engage 
it 's nothing more than a special effects - extravaganza ; visually impressive , but intellectually hollow thriller that simply does n't engage 
this may be true , and it might actually work , but there is only one problem -- jan de bont is not hichock and the things that he shows are not scary , only stupid . 
these great actors are basically helpless with this muddled mess that defies any rationality . 
the title is taken from the writings of ralph waldo emerson describing the life of a traveler as ' anywhere but here . ' there is n't one thing about this mother - daughter relationship melodrama that felt honest . it relies on a contrived minor character to tell both mother and daughter 
what was obvious to do in order to straighten out their dysfunctional lives , as for some reason they could n't figure it out for themselves . 
wayne wang 's ( " the joy luck club " ) inept direction made a weak script even weaker by his inability to tell the story unfolding without the voiceover relating what the action could n't convey . 
so it becomes a question of who knows best , as the ladies fight it out between them , until the predictable sweet ending comes in this yawner . 
this of course results in the corny ending , showing that mom 's heart was always in the right place , only she went about it in the wrong way . 
this was just one of those films where you want to be anywhere but in the theater where this film is showing . 
alvin sargent 's script was weak and annoyingly claustral 
but the transition of her life into beverly hills had no feel of reality , as everything seemed staged and unemotional 
there 's no humor to be found anywhere in " tomb raider , " even though it tries hard from time to time . 
the villain here is noticeably lacking , the special effects are ridiculously overblown and unnecessarily complicated , and the script is non - existent . 
it is n't fun , it is n't exciting , and the only challenge is seeing how long you can stay in your seat ( i suffered through to the bitter , bitter end ; the wife opted for barnes & noble at the 45-minute mark ) . 
the villain here is noticeably lacking , the special effects are ridiculously overblown and unnecessarily complicated , and the script is non - existent . 
directed by simon west with the same subtlety he brought to " con air , " " tomb raider " is an empty - headed , big budget bore . 
the story borrows unintelligently from that mother of all turkeys " hudson hawk " ( the same hokum about planetary alignments and sacred stones that , when brought together , well . . . who the heck cares ? ) and it makes " super mario bros . 
if you have young kids , beware , as they may be noticeably frightened by the visuals of a corpse - rotting rasputin zombie , whose body parts continually fall off in a disconcertingly real way . 
with anastasia , fox has gone so far as to throw all facts completely out the window . 
and yet in other scenes , the hand - drawn material seems of the saturday - morning tv crowd , which leads me to wonder . 
like the slimy , slithering things that inhabit the air vents and pipes of these movies , more are waiting just around the corner in ambush . 
( although , to be fair , deep rising is a particularly bad entry ) . 
in deep rising , the monster , like everything , is artificial and unconvincing . unfortunately , the fundamental problem audiences are faced with here is n't so much the idiotic monotony of this individual picture , but the poor quality of the entire bankrupt genre 
o'connor , who has entirely too much screen time , exhibits all the appeal of fingernails scratching a blackboard . 
the obvious answer to this question is cardboard , because that 's the depth of the most fully- developed character in this painfully generic creature feature . 
given her limited acting abilities , it 's likely that she was chosen for this part primarily on the basis of her physical attributes . 
in fact , considering the rigid adherence to the expected formulas , perhaps it was . 
the cast , which is led by treat williams , is primarily comprised of has - beens and probably - never - will - bes ( two exceptions : wes studi , best known as the villain in the last of the mohicans , and djimon hounsou , amistad 's cinque ) . 
here 's something to chew on : what 's the favorite food of big , cheesy - looking special effects monsters 
in going for the big disaster angle of titanic and the tongue - in - cheek mayhem of tremors , deep rising somehow misses both marks by a wide margin . the film is not humorous , tense , or exciting . in fact , it 's downright boring , and , despite being half the length of cameron 's current box - office champ , deep rising feels like the longer movie . 
williams , once a " ca n't miss " prospect in hollywood , has fallen so far out of favor 
that the best he can do these days for a lead role is a film like deep rising , and his inability to create a charismatic or interesting figure here may sink whatever is left of his sputtering career . 
verhoven has obviously missed that point and this film is a proof of that . 
s - the slowly advancing fireball , the villain who comes back from the dead , etc , etc . - and tops the whole thing off with one of the most ridiculous endings of the year 
i ca n't imagine anyone who would like to see this movie a second time . 
there are times when his presence actually saves the film from being completely embarrassing . 
this is a very silly production . laughable , actually . apparently verhoven 's imagination does n't stretch too far 
he proves once again that he is incapable of handling more complex issues . 
stupid dialogue , and lot 's of dull action with blood and naked bodies . 
the rest of the cast suffer mostly for the lack of talent . 
shue 's talent is barely seen , josh brolin is underused and 
the little intelligence that was left disappears as verhoven looses control and the film turns into an alien - rip - off , where caine is walking like a half finished terminator , spooking , scaring and killing everybody . 
it is this primitive schoolboy mentality that eventually kills the movie . being invisible , gives you the opportunity to be who you are , to do what you want without being influenced by society . 
shue 's talent is barely seen , josh brolin is underused and 
each of them shines occasionally , but basically what we have are good performers stuck in a bad vehicle . 
richard pryor , redd foxx , michael lerner , and della reese face the impossible task of carving out credible characters from a script riddled with stereotypes . 
here 's what i think : harlem nights is charmless , unoriginal , disappointing , and almost without question , the worst film of the actor 's career 
and after 15 minutes , it gets irritating . 
murphy 's tale of warring nightclub owners in harlem ( circa 1938 ) fails to add anything new to the formula . 
needless to say , murphy shows little , if any , promise or imagination as a screenwriter . in all fairness , however , a few rays of sunshine do manage to break through the gloomy cloud surrounding the movie . 
( 2 ) murphy wastes the talents of his fine cast . 
( 5 ) the plot is a shameless rip - off of the sting . 
( 4 ) murphy has written for himself perhaps his blandest role to date . 
the project was probably doomed even before the cameras rolled . murphy 's awful script is the culprit . let 's count the mistakes 
unfortunately , his character is completely irrelevant to the plot ; murphy should have given hall a much bigger role . 
i kept wishing for a fast - forward button to move their scenes along . 
the " boy meets girl / boy loses girl " formula and , as a result , is terribly tedious and slow - moving . 
duchovny and driver seem unable to generate any sparks , and 
so you can fast - forward 
makes me uneasy . 
the film most blatantly ripped off is scream ( another reason that makes me think silvio horta wrote this after craven 's and williamson 's great success ) . 
the first sign of trouble comes with the painfully insipid dialogue . 
actually looks unattractive ( not to mention as dumb as a post through 3/4 of the film ) and robert englund 
no one in urban legend makes the grade . 
just cruises on auto pilot . 
alicia witt shows none of the acerbity or wit 
cardboard cutouts , but please do n't let the cutouts be so damn bland . 
urban legend tries to deconstruct modern - day folklore much the same way scream deconstructed slasher films , but it does n't quite succeed 
: it 's unoriginality . 
their script has her capriciously switching from confident adult to ditzy , blubbering woman - child at the least provocation . 
otherwise , she is left foundering on a cliched sea of teen - age stereotypes and situations . 
and that is the main deficiency with " never been kissed . 
it 's illogical , unrealistic , uneven and undemanding . 
however , certain rules should apply to film , and one of those is consistency of character . among the movie 's problems is the ill - conceived conceit that josie would seriously strive to climb the high school food chain and , in the process , lose focus on her assignment . 
it has some warm and humorous spots , but not enough to overcome its many obstacles . 
these are among the many problems that plague 
she tries valiantly to get a firm grip on her character , but the script continually undermines her . 
" to be fair , barrymore is very appealing , but she is given very little to work with . 
it lacks consistency and a firm grasp on what it wants to accomplish . 
unfortunately , it 's also shapeless , pointless and largely unfunny . 
this was supposed to be the movie that did n't offend anyone , but it 's offensive because it 's terrible . 
the movie will probably please only smith 's die - hard , undiscerning fans ; everyone else will be critical of this mind - bogglingly stupid effort following some the sophisticated cinema that he churned out in years past . 
will ferrell , who again proves himself incapable of doing anything but sketch comedy , shows up as the wildlife marshal inspector who thinks the two have stolen a monkey . 
jay and silent bob strike back is a dumb movie disguised in a smarmy interior . 
abruptly switches gears from gross - out comedy to ridiculously broad hollywood satire . countless " hot " movie stars and personalities make an appearance , from smith veterans matt damon and ben affleck to wes craven , but jay and silent bob strike back resorts to such low - brow gags as another scream sequel with a monkey as the killer . 
any appeal the movie has will come from the " in " jokes , most of which i think i understood , but the movie is " in " to the point of absurdity . 
abruptly switches gears from gross - out comedy to ridiculously broad hollywood satire . countless " hot " movie stars and personalities make an appearance , from smith veterans matt damon and ben affleck to wes craven , but jay and silent bob strike back resorts to such low - brow gags as another scream sequel with a monkey as the killer . 
as often happens with writers who are working below what they are actually capable of , most of the really good lines are throwaways , while the big , painstaking gags mostly fall flat . 
, fills it with sub - road trip gross - out jokes and expects us to buy it because he 's just oh - so - ironic . 
even his presence could have been made bearable by one of the most impressive car stunts in cinematic history , a 360 degree twisting loop jump over a broken bridge -- could have been , except somebody got the idea to dub a mocking whistle tone over the final print . on top of that debacle , the whole end of the film is an anticlimatic sequence in scaramanga 's " funhouse " . 
a song with woefully terrible lyrics follows , and the rest of the movie is even worse . 
scaramanga 's lackey is a dwarf called nik - nak , who rather fittingly is also possibly the silliest henchman in the series , serving up annoyance and weak dialogue in equal measures . worse still is an almost total lack of action throughout the whole movie . 
let me begin by saying that this is easily the worst movie in the entire official ( and even unofficial ) james bond series . 
the plot might have been a pleasant change from the usual rule - the - world so often found in the james bond movies of the 70s , but here we get a confused mismash about a fabled assassin , francisco scaramanga ( christopher lee , putting in a performance which is one of the rare saving graces of this movie ) who someone has apparently payed one million dollars to in order to remove roger moore 's 007 . 
during the course of the movie she gets locked in both a closet and a car trunk , blunders around a control room accidentally setting off a laser and serves no purpose in enhancing the plot whatsoever . maud adams ( later to star in octopussy ) is a much more stronger and useful character , but she hardly features in the movie . 
he is easily the most irritating character in a james bond movie . 
bond is " helped " in his task by mary goodnight ( ekland ) , whose character could n't possibly be any closer to the stereotypical bimbo . 
there is but one fight sequence about fifteen minutes in ( not counting a ludicrous scene where two teenage girls beat up several dozen trained martial artists -- another misguided attempt at humour ) . 
it 's as much of a mess as it sounds . 
it is so full of self - parody and silly characters that you would almost believe you were watching a spoof . 
virtually sleepwalks through his role , apparently only appearing to give one - liners at every chance he gets . 
every scene is tediously related directly to the premise , and therefore , there was no one for me to care about or root for . 
in " a civil action , " however , i have no idea where the running time went , since the film is virtually two hours of nothingness . 
coming from such a talented writer , director , and cast , not to mention one of the most interesting film composers , danny elfman , " a civil action " is an astoundingly empty - headed drama , one that includes an intriguing story and somehow transforms it into an admittedly tiresome and occasionally even boring experience . perhaps one of its major problems was that in its attempts to be a relatively uncommercial motion picture , zaillian has misplaced its refreshing unconventional attitude with an absence of magnetism and even meaning . 
coming from such a talented writer , director , and cast , not to mention one of the most interesting film composers , danny elfman , " a civil action " is an astoundingly empty - headed drama , one that includes an intriguing story and somehow transforms it into an admittedly tiresome and occasionally even boring experience . 
aside from one flashback to when a man 's young son died on the way to the doctor , i remained unmoved and passive about what was going on in the scenes , and more than once found my mind wandering . 
since director steven zaillian previously wrote the powerful screenplay for 1993 's steven spielberg drama " schindler 's list " and directed 1993 's intelligent " searching for bobby fischer , " his new film , " a civil action , " should most likely be looked upon as an unfortunate misstep in an otherwise prosperous career . 
what does n't make sense is how such high - profile and superb actors as john travolta , robert duvall , william h . macy , and kathleen quinlan got involved in this project , which is both dull and completely ineffective . 
finally , when the conclusion arrived and the end credits began to role , the film left me with another question : what was the point ? abruptly ending without any susceptible momentum , where none came before that to begin with , " a civil action " seemed to me , at least , to be an example of how not to make a courtroom drama , and it certainly did not do justice to the very serious subject matter the film deals with . 
i could say the performances were good , but who 's fooling who ? since every character is one - dimensionally written , no one 's acting abilities are challenged in any way . 
the film , which involves a small community of children who mysteriously died of leukemia , certainly contains the type of story to be emotionally - charged , but somehow all signs of feeling have been completely removed from the proceedings , leaving us with nothing more than a poorly - done courtroom drama . 
perhaps one of its major problems was that in its attempts to be a relatively uncommercial motion picture , zaillian has misplaced its refreshing unconventional attitude with an absence of magnetism and even meaning . 
when the characters are developed , they seem absurd rather than touching . the cartoonish dialogue and implausible subplot 
apparently meant to be the comic relief in the film ( as nicholson was in batman ) , especially when contrasted with the sullen spawn , the violator 's lines are oftentimes grotesque and unfunny , leaving the audience wishing he would leave . 
spawn , in an apparent attempt to duplicate the success of batman , also unwisely spends too much time on a villain , the violator ( batman favored the joker over batman ) . 
the music , finally , assaults the audience as much as the manic violence and offensive dialogue . loud and obnoxious hard rock fused with drum loops dominate some scenes . 
many other elements conspire with the disappointing script and abundant special effects to drag spawn down 
executive produced this disappointing misfire and even appears in a cameo . 
spawn , instead , suffers from too much pomp and circumstance , and too little plot and character development 
unfortunately topples quickly and leaves fans of the comic book , like me , numbed by how much spawn misses the mark . what happened ? why is spawn so bad ? 
spawn 's translation of the comic book suffers the most at the storyline level . 
easily the hammiest performance in the movie , it 's hard to imagine how sheen mucked up his role so much ; after all , he played a vietnam assasin brilliantly in the great apocalypse now . 
a lot of it is visually interesting and technically solid , do n't get me wrong , but , because the script and cast are n't engaging , spawn ultimately comes across like overwrought wallpaper ( the surface may capture the eye , but nothing exists underneath ) . 
these films focus upon the effects at the expense of everything else : character , plot , dialogue , etc . 
then , rather suddenly , i was clubbed over the head with a nasty bit of violence ; shortly thereafter , i was whacked in the gut by another . 
suddenly , the story of romantic entanglements and family conflict becomes a story about a corpse , and everything which had come before degenerates so completely that virtually nothing is recognizable . 
it _ is _ his fault that he violates his own characters for the sake of shock value , and that he ca n't make his two halves into a whole . 
unfortunately , you would be dead wrong . 
left me feeling used , and there 's not much funny about that . 
the sibling rivalry not only becomes little more than an excuse for one round of beatings after another , but there is no consistency to the characterizations . 
feeling minnesota is a film that made me feel violated , as though i had trusted writer - director steven baigelman to bring me a cool glass of water 
the perfect storm was unfortunately a disappointment . 
so many problems strike the opening segment of the film that the remaining portions directly suffer . 
the maelstrom lived up to its potential but everything else failed to do so . 
fichtner 's character is terribly underdeveloped 
here 's my main complaint about the latest man battles 
the remaining four fishermen are all cardboard stereotypes 
based on a true story , the book must have found some other way to introduce the characters because in the movie version , the approach is weak . using a wonderfully patriotic score by james horner , petersen almost hides the in - your - face banality . 
, so i think i understand why the director might have picked the " alan smithee " moniker for this film . where to begin with this painfully poor thriller ? 
this suspect , however , turns up strangled and drowned halfway through the film : an obvious plot fault . 
outside of the laughably poor performances given by the actors portraying lawyers , the people sitting in the benches provide the silliest effort at drama in the film . 
they constantly shift and turn and arc their heads in mock interest in what has got to be one of the worst perfomances that a large group of people have given at one time ever . 
the video box for this dud describes fatal charm as an " erotic thriller " . 
fatal charm wo n't charm anyone , unless there 's someone that 's charmed by boring , lifeless , insipid , suspenseless thrillers . if you happen upon this turkey , just keep moving on . 
i ca n't imagine , if someone were in the mood for something " erotic , " that he 'd be happy after watching this fluff . 
fatal charm 's storyline , such as it is , inspires more yawns than thrills . the script belabors a red herring , early on , about a second suspect who may have committed the murders for which adam ( atkins ) is charged with . 
on a personal note , i was disturbed by the ludicrous english literature class shown in this film which valerie had to suffer through . 
comments : " alan smithee " directed fatal charm , which should have been more appropriately titled " fatal bore " or " fatal crap " . if you find out that a film you 're about to see is directed by " alan smithee , " then 
outside of the laughably poor performances given by the actors portraying lawyers , the people sitting in the benches provide the silliest effort at drama in the film . 
it 's pretty bad . 
frankly , i 'd be embarrassed if i had directed this turkey 
you should seriously , seriously , seriously consider watching something , anything , else . 
she 's also miscast 
none of the characters seem to work together at all ; they are always bickering and vying for some form of control . this makes no sense what so ever and only takes away from the story , a story that is full of holes and is extremely predictable . all the flaws of the actual story are only helped along by the special effects . 
no more needs to be said as to what happens and where the conflict lies , the movie is that predictable . 
the story is full of very shallow characters that do n't do much other than subsist . 
well , this is the point where the movie strays from becoming a decent and original movie and simply becomes a predictable sci - fi thriller 
it looks genuinely fake , granted trying to recreate a typhoon or hurricane can not be easy by any stretch of the imagination but having the storm approach in a style similar to the huge wave of deep impact only ends up looking corny and amateurish . 
having the cast that was present probably saved this movie from being an absolute catastrophe . 
it looks genuinely fake , granted trying to recreate a typhoon or hurricane can not be easy by any stretch of the imagination but having the storm approach in a style similar to the huge wave of deep impact only ends up looking corny and amateurish . 
this movie begins sort of promising , but ends up leaving a weird taste in your mouth . 
but the idea of doing a movie is insane . 
however the film drags and is no fun . 
it gives us a half - assed protagonist named shane o'shea ( ryan phillippe , from " i know what you did last summer " ) , who 's 
the studio 's recreation is amazingly accurate , though , and very impressive , but his direction is never captivating enough . 
his story is trite and shallow , as are his characters , and his direction is shockingly flat , especially for a film about this subject . 
all he is a half - assed character and not at all our ticket to the glimpse of the decadence going on inside the club that he could have been . 
studio 54 attracted so many weird and bizarre people to its gates that it 's a wonder why the film about the life and death of the studio centers itself on one very boring , cliched individual , not to mention an ensemble of people who would n't be at all fascinating unless they worked at the studio , which they did according to this film . 
are we supposed to believe that out of all the strange folk who populated the studio nightly , that a character who is a bland ripoff of tony manero would really make a good protagonist for the film about it ? 
although he begins to get somewhere when he sleeps with the foxy billie auster ( sela ward ) , an exec of sorts , he falls in lust with a soap star named julie black ( neve campbell ) , and thus the boring romance subplot that 's all too not necessarily important to anything else in the film and never really becomes interesting at any point in the film 
" 54 " belongs in the elite group of films known as " the big disappointments " : the films that attain so much hype and/or so much potential in its creation that they come off worse than they are when they are finally finished . 
sleepy hollow has some unique features , but the script is a terrible mess 
sure the headless horseman is an intriguing character , but the story has so many holes that even he nor depp can save this disaster 
it 's too tempting to let go , even if the script is mush . 
i wish i could just fast forward through all the gaping holes in the film , and just sit back and stare at the scenery . 
he completely butchered the story to pieces . 
if it was n't for his quirky one - liners , i doubt i could have remained awake , because quite frankly i was getting sleepy 
he takes no risk what so ever , and this is where he fails . another pathetic element of the film was the script . like i said earlier , he just stuffed too much in at one time , and made it look real sloppy , kind of like the mess 
while the stories are similar , the new version adds too much to the once likable story , and throws in some weak dialogue to top it off . 
disney 's version was at least interesting , while burton 's film drags on far too long , without any suspense or frights . 
burton however concentrates far too much on the atmosphere , and how to make the main characters heroes . 
at least burton 's films are eye candy , even if they are trash . 
by the end , i can only think back and laugh at how bad sleepy hollow developed . this is the biggest disappointment of the year , especially when such a talented director like burton handles a project like this . 
do n't waste your time or money , because your head will feel hollow . 
in fact , if it was n't for brittany murphy 's excellent portrayal of a traumatized teen , jennifer esposito 's embarrassing performance as a police woman ( yeah , right ! watching her delivering lines was the funniest part of this flick- 
she was completely superfluous . 
but it 's at about the halfway mark of this movie , that the bottom drops out and all that we 're left with are a lot of questions and very few plausible answers 
and many , many more . ugh , 
either way , i do n't give a rat 's ass because this movie is a dog and that 's unfortunate because it actually did have some good points going for it . 
they both start off with interesting premises , only to toss all logic and sense out the window about halfway through . 
i thought she did n't trust him ) , that i turned to my buddy and asked when the movie had turned into a joke . and a few bogus chase and action sequences later , we were left with a long - winded ending that did little to answer any other questions i might 've still had , and actually brought up even more contradictions . badly put together , this movie features some decent acting , some nice cinematography and an initially interesting premise , but 
critique : if you 're not a fan of movies packed with plot holes , inconsistencies and yes , even more plot holes , heed my words and skip this hollow thriller 
i 'll tell you why , it 's because we would n't have a ( bad ) movie 
and on top of all that , by the end of this flick , the director seems to have realized how dumb the audience must be to have bought most of the garbage that he 'd been shoveling out for the hour and a half prior , and decides to add insult to injury by flashing back to an earlier character 's death when one of the bad guys dies , 
ooooh , thanks , mr . fleder . . . i appreciate the spoon - feeding , dude . . . yum , yum . . . but how about explaining every other plot point in your film that made no sense ? whatever . 
loses it all in a haze of plot miscues which ultimately leave you with little care for anyone . 
see it if you like dumb thrillers . 
writer / director daniel taplitz has created a bizarre conglomeration of satire and soul - searching in this tale of seth warner ( aidan quinn ) , a man of faith who runs into a streak of bad luck which usually inspires country - western lyrics : his pregnant wife drowns , his home is destroyed by a tornado , he loses his job and his dog is crippled by a bolt of lightning . 
the result is a character whose actions feel less like the authentic responses of an anguished man than the machinations of a high - concept movie plot . 
thus begins a film which picks the wrong tone for every occasion . 
commandments is a bad comedy which could have been a decent drama if daniel taplitz had had the guts to take faith -- and the loss thereof -- at all seriously . 
by the time seth makes a singularly biblical reappearance late in the film , it has become clear that taplitz is aiming for a fantastical fable which makes no connection with real human experience . 
composer joseph vitarelli provides a score full of whimsical woodwinds , turning seth 's sacrilegious mission into an amusing lark ; quinn 's performance as seth is all wild - eyed fervor without any genuine pain . 
jawbreaker does n't quite know how to handle its semi - likable characters : fern and julie . 
it 's certain that , like the murder weapon described in the film 's title , jawbreaker will be triggering more than one gag reflex in the audience . 
this shockingly bitter candy definitely has a sour center . 
jawbreaker is obviously attempting to be the heathers of its generation , and failing miserably , i might add . 
it 's a character crying out for a better movie 
it manages to capture the mix of murder and teen social observations , but misses three crucial elements : sharp dialogue , witty characters and the much - needed humor . 
but then , all of a sudden , the innovation stops . the film becomes mired in the murder - and - cover - up plotting , which quickly saps what little life and energy there was right out of the film . 
the lengths to which the film goes to prolong the plot have the unintentional effect of distancing us from these characters . as their motives become murky and unclear , the film finally falls to the point that it does n't really matter who wins or loses , since all sides have become equally detestable . 
it is possible that jawbreaker might have succeeded in being ( darkly ) humorous if it was n't shackled to its dead - weight plot . 
this is a laughable 1977 rip off of king kong ( 1976 ) , itself a rip - off . 
ape shown badly matted behind temple . - combining of images usually pretty bad . incompetent matching of film stocks . 
- this film is provided to be a sort of laughing stock to finish the festival . 
ape shown badly matted behind temple . - combining of images usually pretty bad . incompetent matching of film stocks . 
- gorilla actor has no idea how gorillas move and suit is terrible . nice miniature effects , however . 
production values are low and audiences seem to like the film mostly for derisive laughter 
ape shown badly matted behind temple . - combining of images usually pretty bad . incompetent matching of film stocks . 
- several places there is narrative that is nearly incoherent as if there are missing scenes and the viewer has to guess what happened in the interim . 
: the approach may be interesting , but in trying an old - fashioned method , director gary sinyor gives the film a synthetic feel . the characters are drawn with obvious , broad strokes , and the plot is bogged down with everything humanly imaginable . 
those hoping to find some genuine charm and feeling behind this chris o'donnell vehicle should wander elsewhere ; ` the bachelor ' is a painfully clumsy mess strung together with a few brief moments of surprising poignancy . awaiting these moments by enduring the rest of the film is certainly not worth your time or money . 
the screenplay is lamely written , and the subject matter poorly conceived . 
this gooey , detestable sludge is quite the chore for even a dedicated romantic . 
the considerable charm of the two leads is thoughtlessly wasted , along with whatever promise the film initially contained . 
potential goes out the window early to suit sinyor 's ` colorful ' approach , but not a minute of this hapless drivel seems accustomed to the director 's wishes . 
yes , ` the bachelor ' is far more frustrating than cute . 
the screenplay is lamely written , and the subject matter poorly conceived . 
those hoping to find some genuine charm and feeling behind this chris o'donnell vehicle should wander elsewhere ; ` the bachelor ' is a painfully clumsy mess strung together with a few brief moments of surprising poignancy . awaiting these moments by enduring the rest of the film is certainly not worth your time or money . 
` the bachelor ' becomes lost without a homing beacon to save it . 
but ` the bachelor ' falls far short of the requirements . 
a few instances of adorable humor aside , it becomes apparent that no one could save the festering mess that is ` the bachelor ' . 
and then , the plot ( along with the stupidity of the movie ) thickens . 
potential goes out the window early to suit sinyor 's ` colorful ' approach , but not a minute of this hapless drivel seems accustomed to the director 's wishes . 
the actor just ca n't register with such a pathetic screenplay as the guiding light to success . 
not just the events , but also the tone of some of the end is wrong , clashing strongly with the sense of fun that has preceded it . 
such a disappointment 
unfortunately this level of honesty is n't maintained . 
it just takes a turn which means that an otherwise brilliant movie loses some of its gloss . 
while the final half hour is not beyond the realms of possibility , it 's unlikely in a way that is jarring 
that is why the melodramatic turn of events comes as such a shock . 
the interactions seem so truthful and guileless that it is almost as if the film - makers hid cameras around the place and filmed these people unbeknownst to them . at times , the events border on the ridiculous , like the screening of the film , but they still seem in keeping with the characters and their lives . 
the latest from the director of " starman , " " halloween " and " escape from new york " is a lousy western all gussied up to look like a futuristic horror flick . 
if the carpenter brand name was n't superglued to the title , this embarrassment would surely have bypassed theaters entirely and gone straight to its proper home on the usa network . and i would have been spared a headache . 
beware of movies with the director 's name in the title . 
terra - forming . sounds pretty intriguing , eh ? well , do n't get your hopes up . 
do n't get me wrong - keeble , which is actually only a " ment " away from being a fetish film , is n't that entertaining . in fact , you 'd be better off waiting to blow your disposable income when the real kiddie pics ( monsters , inc . , harry potter ) come out next month . 
but there is n't too much else happening here stylewise . . . unless you count some farting , a little puking , and a couple of bizarre cameos from tony hawk and lil ' romeo . 
event horizon is a mean - spirited , gory , sick excuse for a film . it starts off as an alien rip - off , and then degenerates into a pointlessly bloody slasher flick after about 40 minutes . 
but the final execution is extremely disappointing . 
but because of what this movie degenerates into , i have little or no respect , and got little or no enjoyment , out of it . 
this is a kind of movie for which i have no respect , a kind of movie which i had hoped died out years ago . 
it is quite possible for a movie to frighten or shock its audience without resorting to nothing more than gore , but event horizon takes the low road , and the viewers pay the price . 
and none of this can save the movie from being a d - grade level of film . 
that 's a lot more than can be said for the rest of them movie , which seems to go on forever 
it is simply a movie which tries again and again to make the viewers feel sick to their stomach at the site of extreme gore . 
it is n't worth mentioning . 
( hey , do n't say i did n't warn you . ) to make matters worse 
apparently the producers of this film realized just how bad it was , because it sat unreleased for years until someone decided that they might be able to capitalize off the success of mcconaughey and zellweger . 
unfortunately for them 
this is the sort of movie that they should make people in prison watch . 
even the obligatory topless babe shot was n't enough to hold my interest for more than 2 seconds . the writing is bad , the direction is even worse , but both of those things look good in comparison to the acting . 
you have a recipe for a very painful viewing experience . 
man , i ca n't get over just how bad this movie is . this film has absolutely no redeeming qualities . 
judging by their performances they also made it before they took any acting lessons . it 's a wonder they ever worked in hollywood again after appearing in this turkey . 
this was one of the better storylines , but unfortunately 
however , while the devil 's advocate strives to get noticed , ultimately it makes very little impression at all . 
his path from self - vanity to self - consciousness is never fully explored . his actions seem arbitrary , and his reasons for them not fully known . 
as with all thing 's involving the devil , you can expect nothing but the worst . 
the focus seemed inconsistent throughout , and the final payoff seemed quick and cheap . 
but what starts off as a promising john grisham - like story about conscience - stricken lawyers takes an abrupt detour as supernatural forces begin to tinker with the story . 
they laughed , or tried to laugh , at moments that were either barely funny , or much more horrible than funny , as if that could bend the film away from it 's rather frightening direction . 
nope , it 's another bunch of guys , and directed by george miller , who has shown great skill with stunts / special effects before ( the road warrior , " nightmare at 20 , 00 feet " episode of twilight zone : the movie ) but apparently does n't know when to turn off the wind machine and let his people act . f'gawds sake , guys , this is jack nicholson ! let him loose ! 
we never get inside them , never feel sympathetic to them , because their dialogue and personalities seem pretty bland 
anyway , the problems : all three female characters are fairly uninteresting , and several are cardboard stereotypes , especially sarandon 's character . 
unfortunately , little or no effort is ever made to follow up and elucidate on these concepts ; they 're simply thrown out and then left to rot while the film goes on apace 
nicholson does what he can with the role , and when he can find his bearings , can be extremely good ( the scene in the church , for instance ) , but most of the time , he seems a bit stiff , as if he 's not sure what he should be doing next . and no wonder . this script goes all over the map , giving you the feeling that it 'd just love to be allegory , but it 's not sure about what-- maybe if you give it time it 'll think of something . 
watching the scene where nicholson is tossed out of the car by the voodoo doll , all i could think of was , " what a waste " . 
i did n't like it . 
unfortunately , little or no effort is ever made to follow up and elucidate on these concepts ; they 're simply thrown out and then left to rot while the film goes on apace 
i 'm not sure i should be writing a review of the witches of eastwick , because i 'm not sure just what the hell ( pardon the expression ) was going on in it 
the bottom line , however , is this : virus is a bad movie . it rips off a lot of good movies that are worth seeing . 
virus is indeed a cliched film , but the central flaw lies in the fact that the computer virus just is n't very threatening . 
virus is a truly dumb action thriller , one of negligible intelligence and innovation . 
virus takes itself seriously . 
when considering the entire film , you will realize that it lacks a single original scene . it 's a direct rip - off of nearly every james cameron film ( aliens , the abyss , and the terminator films are the most plagiarized ) ; more importantly , it 's basically the same movie as last year 's deep rising . 
but what is so amazing about virus is how poorly the whole thing has been thought out . 
it 's a direct rip - off of nearly every james cameron film ( aliens , the abyss , and the terminator films are the most plagiarized ) ; more importantly , it 's basically the same movie as last year 's deep rising . 
it steals from every good and bad film of the genre , showing you countless familiar scenes , and sporting a cookie - cutter plot that any film of the sci - fi / horror genre could fit with a little trimming . 
there 's also a nice array of actors , even though none of them do any acting 
( except for donald sutherland , who does a lot of very bad acting ) . 
an american werewolf in paris is a failed attempt to recapture the humor and horror of john landis ' 1981 feature , an american werewolf in london . 
repeated use is made of the " werewolf cam " , an infrared wolf 's point - of - view approach that 's interesting the first couple of times it 's employed , then becomes tedious . 
the computer - generated werewolves look painfully unreal . the creatures would probably have been more believable had they been men in wolf suits . 
it would be kind to call him bland 
on the technical side , it 's all bad news . 
an american werewolf in paris is marginally entertaining in a " bad movie " sort of way , but that 's a dubious distinction . ultimately , it 's an unfortunate effort , for , while it is n't unbearable to sit through , it is n't a howl , either . 
delpy 's injection of class into an otherwise classless production raises the specter of what this film could have been with a better script and a better cast surrounding her . 
where the original had comedy , the sequel has the kind of revolting silliness that can be found in tv sit - coms . 
where the first installment had chills , this one has sequences that are inappropriately , unintentionally funny 
stumbles with this material , never being able to make the comedy and horror elements gel . as a result , we get the worst werewolf sequel 
the rest of the cast acts at a level considerably below that of delpy -- which is to say , they give performances appropriate for the screenplay . 
and the soundtrack includes some alternative grunge rock tunes that clash violently with the on - screen action they 're matched to . 
just keep in mind that although this film may not be the most original on the block , it 's much worse than a sin . this is sacrilege . 
one of the most mangled acts of screenwriting 
girl toys with the idea of reforming her con - girl past , all the while avoiding the " other man , " a lover that keeps making her start these scams in the first place . add insult to injury with some of the worst stylistic choices in cinematic history ( literally half of the film is either in slow motion or uses a strobe effect ) , and acting roughly the caliber of a b . b . gun , and original sin is one of the most torturous films of the summer , definitely front running to make my bottom ten of the year . 
girl toys with the idea of reforming her con - girl past , all the while avoiding the " other man , " a lover that keeps making her start these scams in the first place . add insult to injury with some of the worst stylistic choices in cinematic history ( literally half of the film is either in slow motion or uses a strobe effect ) , and acting roughly the caliber of a b . b . gun , and original sin is one of the most torturous films of the summer , definitely front running to make my bottom ten of the year . 
girl toys with the idea of reforming her con - girl past , all the while avoiding the " other man , " a lover that keeps making her start these scams in the first place . add insult to injury with some of the worst stylistic choices in cinematic history ( literally half of the film is either in slow motion or uses a strobe effect ) , and acting roughly the caliber of a b . b . gun , and original sin is one of the most torturous films of the summer , definitely front running to make my bottom ten of the year . 
a promising ( or at least not completely fucking boring ) thriller , the film degenerates into the worst dissection of the virgin / whore complex since milk money . 
a promising ( or at least not completely fucking boring ) thriller , the film degenerates into the worst dissection of the virgin / whore complex since milk money . 
regardless of its senseless title , original sin does actually have a plot ( albeit 
as unoriginal as the premise is , i was still somewhat interested in how this story would play itself out . 
scenes which are seemingly meant to contain deep meaning are ruined by acts of levity . the dramatics , which seem to occur at random , are overly staged and overly acted , detracting from any kind of value or even enjoyment which could otherwise be gleaned . 
once the transition was made from still art to color animation , an entirely different feel takes precedence . rather than the epic saga promised by the narration , we get a goofy - looking world of a saturday morning cartoon . 
we 're not even given a cursory explanation as to why this stuff is inspiring in the first place . 
not just the look , mind you , but all the zany sounds like > honk boing for years , blackwolf has lost his battles against the magical forces of good , since his armies of ogres and other mutants would get dispirited or distracted soon after battle is joined . 
if so , we probably do n't need to be bashed over the head to get the point . 
the only unexpected occurrence is the way the final battle between brothers is played out , which is anticlimactic and disappointing 
the characters are strictly two - dimensional , and we therefore do n't expect anything more than the obvious to happen . which it does . 
the characters are so bad that the viewer does n't care about any of them . they 're either silly , sappy , or both . 
this is a pretty bad horror film , yet bad horror films sometimes are very entertaining , and house on haunted hill is just such a film . 
rising star taye diggs plays a stereotypical african american sports figure ( rather lamely too ) , and singer lisa loeb ( ! ) appears as a tv news reporter . 
while the first half of the film leaves the audience guessing as to what 's exactly going on , the second half dissolves into standard ghost story stuff and loses some of its suspense . a disappointingly cheesy ending really mars this movie too . house on haunted hill 
rush seems to be making a downward spiral in the movie industry , a spiral reminiscent of ben ( ghandi , schindler 's list ) kingsley 's ridiculous appearance in the camp sci - fi classic species . 
it is this cast which lifts this ho - hum thriller into a borderline entertaining exercise in camp horror 
though , more appropriately perhaps , it 'd be better to say that it 's the better of two turkeys . 
- the subtitles of our print were white , often on a white background making them often hard to read , but i do n't think there was a whole lot of meaning there that was lost . 
imparts no insights . to make matter worse this print was poorly subtitled into english from french . 
but if you really do n't mind a rehashed gobbledygook of various satanic and " kid " -based thrillers , and enjoy watching films that do n't bring anything new to the table . 
critique : with plot holes the size of my ass , this movie barely squeezes any sense out of its clich ? -ridden plot , with wasted talent , cheezy effects , bad dialogue and unintentional laughs to boot . 
, zero scares , zero thrills and even less actual drama , and you 've got yourself a pretty bad movie . 
unfortunately her character does n't really do all that much . and believe it or not , i was actually enjoying some of the film 's first half hour , which starts off with some promise , but not before bonehead moves after bonehead moves from our protagonist , basinger , just drown the film 's entire basis of believability 
anyway , i do n't usually inscribe spoilers in my reviews but the stupidity of some of these characters is just too difficult to describe without validating it with solid idiotic proof 
you know that a movie has issues when most everyone in the audience comes out laughing . . . 
so then he thought , " let me wait another five years , get a weak script jammed with cliches and hope that jimmy smits and kim basinger could pull it out of its ashes " ? ! ? 
the worst part about this movie is its hilariously unbelievable ending , which features police officers coming up with the brilliant idea of " sneaking up " on a man 's house , who they know to be guilty of a crime ! 
difficult to say if it was her lines that were really bad , or if she just delivered them poorly . either way , little originality , very obvious computer effects , little thrills , little drama and very little entertainment value , certainly bestow the honor of one of the worst movies of the summer upon this film . 
unfortunately her character does n't really do all that much . and believe it or not , i was actually enjoying some of the film 's first half hour , which starts off with some promise , but not before bonehead moves after bonehead moves from our protagonist , basinger , just drown the film 's entire basis of believability 
strange dude and one crappy flick . 
really nothing special , and is not even worth it for a few chuckles . 
the film , after all these silly gags , then suddenly turns sentimental , and this is where big daddy really goes from bad to hideous . the court scene at the end of the film is useless and unbelievable , and not helped by the soppy overacting . it 's a poor attempt to win over the audience . 
k , they start out rather well , but then becoming annoying and brattish halfway through and finally turn ' all american ' wholesome goodness at the end of the film , where the tear juice is turned up high . 
although it is actually well put together , with nice direction , good production design and even some montages , this professionalism ca n't help the fact that the script and characters are trash 
it 's also nothing special and does n't deserve the money it 's making 
joey lauren adams is much , much better , and deserves a far better film than this trash . 
there 's the occasional good one liner , but these are usually strangely delivered wrong and lose most of the humour . 
really is n't that good . many of the jokes revolve around toilet humour , and supposedly we are meant to find julian and sonny peeing against a wall to be funny 
( between this , rocketman , and george of the jungle , disney has recently eclipsed longtime champion troma as the studio most likely to include a fart joke in a film . ) as the absent - minded professor who invents the titular computer - generated goop , a listless robin williams manages the difficult task of making original lead fred macmurray seem sprightly . 
deserves recognition for : making this relatively youthful critic feel extremely old and crotchety20 capsule review : this is what feel - good family entertainment has morphed into in the 90 's : an hour - and - a - half commercial , disguised as an unnecessary remake , in which the defining image is that of a grown man launching a volume of green protoplasmic goo out of his ass . 
the only thing that made this film borderline tolerable for me is my newly - founded but firm belief that writer / producer john hughes is going to spend his eternal afterlife being conked in the noggin by all of the different blunt instruments he 's used for comedic effect in films like this and the odious home alone series . 
this script is perfunctory at best , and terrrible at worst . 
there 's no fun going on here whatsoever . the story is about as contrived as contrived gets , and is full of holes . 
please do n't spend your money on this 
the actors are all miscast , especially emannuelle beart as jim phelps wife , who can not act , and ving rhames as a computer hacker ( ! ) , who looks lost and embarrased to be in this movie . 
the actors are all miscast , especially emannuelle beart as jim phelps wife , who can not act , and ving rhames as a computer hacker ( ! ) , who looks lost and embarrased to be in this movie . 
the first problem is that this film has absolutely no connection with the tv show whatsoever , aside from the music . 
it is only a video game , after all , but the on - screen version tries to go beyond it 's comic book boundaries by adding depth , a conceptualization of self - worth , and worst of all , a love story . 
they are likable and impressive when they are showcasing their martial arts and fighting skills , but look extremely awkward and uncomfortable when they are required to actually act . 
this becomes very awkward , because all of the players are fighters and nothing more . 
this becomes embarrassingly apparent 
it 's an easy enough premise , but unfortunately ( very unfortunately ) , the writers try to do too much with the movie 
oddly , the inclusion of the human element actually pollutes the purity of the mortal kombat essence . and the poor acting results in a muddled movie that offers the viewing audience little chance for survival . 
however , mk2 tries to give these players a certain amount of depth , an element that was lacking in the first movie , but the attempt here fails miserably . this uneasy feeling is readily apparent , for example , whenever you hear lord rayden speak . 
when , towards what seemed like the end of wild wild west , gordon proposes the idea of building an airplane and west rejects it , there was a collective groan among audience members : it meant we were going to have to sit through another loud action sequence before gordon builds the glider , the invention of which would inevitably lead to the proverbial whiz - bang finale . 
wild wild west is poorly - paced bombast , full of doa gags 
smith is ill equipped , for example , to handle the moment in which jim west performs stand - up for some rednecks at his own hanging . 
i was unequivocally bored by wild wild west , the new summer blockbuster from men in black director barry sonnenfeld . 
at any rate , i kept waiting for rita to say something humourous , but she 's a walking dress - up toy . 
( ted levine shows up as a general who uses a gramophone horn for a hearing aid ; levine played buffalo bill in the silence of the lambs - he 's too intense to get an intentional laugh ) , lousy special effects ( the bluescreening is amateurish - foregrounds are never proportionate to the backgrounds ) , and frequent illogic . 
this is n't the first time he has adapted a tv show for the big screen ( the addams family , anyone ? ) , but it 's the first big stinker of his career as a director . 
the briefcase stays on the run , as the movie leads the viewer through several plot twists that are badly executed . 
the writer seemed to be attempting to make a smart action movie , but failed to understand that just because there are surprises , it does n't add too the credibility of a senseless script . the plot twists get no reaction because they come at a time where no one cares what is going on , after the apparent climax of the film . 
do n't get me wrong , i love car chases , but they were overdone and too long here 
they are unrealistic and fail to add anything to the story . 
if the racist and sex jokes do n't bother you , the performances will . if the performances do n't bother you , the story will . if the story does n't bother you , the racist and sex jokes will . there 's no end to the vicious circle . 
kevin kline is miserable as gordon , failing to display even a smidgeon of care as he did in the 1985 western silverado . 
as i said , the way the script unfolds is a complete mess . 
last but not least , there are huge gaps of logic that are just plain unacceptable 
even though he shows some good creativity at some points , his overall urgency for directing is lost . 
her acting is barely passable , but what a " breath of fresh ass " . 
kevin kline is miserable as gordon , failing to display even a smidgeon of care as he did in the 1985 western silverado . 
branagh goes excessively over the top as the villain , perhaps to the point where we ca n't even stand to look at him or his strange beard . 
the story and screenplay is a mess , filled with dead laughs , enough racist and sex jokes to make even will cringe as he 's performing them , and a complete lack of chemistry that made the tv show work so well . 
a better name for this movie might 've been " wild wild waste " . 
the acting is n't anything to write home about . 
most disappointing is that the screenplay is by david webb peoples who wrote " blade runner " , possibly the best science fiction movie ever made . 
what could have been a fascinating look at the roles played in our culture and the fears of an ultra - right wing future is ruined by turning the film into a cartoon . the effects are mostly second - rate explosions or jerky slow motion . the plot is old hat . 
gary busey as todd 's commanding officer is completely wasted in his low - key role . 
old soldiers never die , they just turn into cliches soldier 
there is nothing in the story that is not predictable . 
the movie does n't even work as an action film . there is never a question as to the outcome . 
although that may have been the intent in his original script , the result is more like a bad television series that the " blade runner " replicants watch to pass time . 
hardly anything makes sense . the film 's science fares badly . 
the story is worse . and the special effects are somewhere between an old rerun of star trek and what you see in a home movie . 
you really wo n't be missing that much . 
the story moves around in a hap hazard fashion . 
the acting is bad with a capital b . 
this is n't a bad b - movie , it 's a really bad b - movie . so bad , it 's almost good . almost , but not quite . 
stylistically , thematically & narratively , " jawbreaker " is all over the map , varying wildly in tone & content from scene to scene . 
" jawbreaker " is a pastiche , and not even an enjoyable one . 
" jawbreaker " is a monumental waste of effort and resources , and quite likely one of the single worst films i 've ever seen . to call " jawbreaker " garbage would be to insult garbage . bad flicks for the rest of the year are safe ; i 've already got my pick for worst film of ' 99 . 
if stein was indeed responsible for the whole of this atrocity , someone needs to get the man some drugs , pronto . prozac , lithium , kava , ritalin , something , anything . he 's quite obviously in desperate need of chemical help . 
she has no charisma , no presence , and no acting skills other than rolling her eyes and looking disaffected . 
the blame for a mess this big has to be spread around among the principals . 
not content with the too - obvious " heathers " heisting , the filmmakers proceed to lift freely from a staggering variety of sources , including " carrie " , " bride of frankenstein " , " blue velvet " , and even shaw 's pygmalion , itself recently remade as " she 's all that " . 
this pathetic tale of three high - schoolers who accidentally kill their best friend in a birthday kidnapping prank gone horribly awry is never even remotely funny . or fun . or original 
pam grier has totally wasted any credibility she might have gotten from her role in quentin tarantino 's " jackie brown " . and rose mcgowan should just quit acting . 
this pathetic tale of three high - schoolers who accidentally kill their best friend in a birthday kidnapping prank gone horribly awry is never even remotely funny . 
" jawbreaker " is a monumental waste of effort and resources , and quite likely one of the single worst films i 've ever seen . to call " jawbreaker " garbage would be to insult garbage . 
can you say " dated " ? 
all 's well for about the first hour of this slow - moving film , until mia eats some of the neighbors ' chocolate mousse and passes out . 
rosemary 's baby is way too long , and leads up to a payoff that 's about as boring and laughable as the rest of the movie . i guess someone put a spell on this movie . 
you can if you 've seen rosemary 's baby which , like the exorcist , was a thrilling horror film in its time but seems boring and laughable in the decades that have passed since its original release . 
frankly , it 's a bore , a redundant and repetitive two hour and twenty minute film that does n't entertain beyond its first half hour . 
from the way this movie is made , i 'd have guessed that spike lee was trying to tell us something , but as i searched deeper it became clear that there is very little there to find 
he does n't bring all of his topics together to form a coherent theme or make a discernible statement . 
the dreaded " so what ? " question springs to mind . 
but it 's also empty , pretentious and boring . 
summer of sam will be remembered as a waste of spike lee 's abilities . 
sorvino gives a riveting , touching performance in a banal movie 
there is no suspense because the film refuses to be fully about the murders and little involving drama because the film is too muddled and its focus too vague . 
leguizamo 's turn as vinnie is annoying and whiny . 
there was no comedy in the film for me to express myself in such a manner . 
even i 'm offended by it . 
wow , a film without any redeeming qualities whatsoever . i 'm amazed that someone thought this was a story that must be told on screen . 
instead of jokes , there 's just an endless stream of profanity and naked breasts 
odd couple ii feels terribly generic , where in the first movie , made thirty one years ago , feels like a wonderful tale . 
in the final twenty minutes or so , lemmon meets a girl he thinks is the one , then loses her ; matthau talks to his son ( a wasted jonathan silverman ) about his amrriage to lemmon 's daughter ; and , of course , lemmon and matthau have another roomie situation on their hands . 
you wo n't waste your time renting this muck . 
walter matthau and jack lemmon team up again for an even more worn out vehicle 
throughout the movie , i really did n't laugh once . honestly . 
how writer neil simon could 've made such a horrible mistake 
and the ending gets all super - mushy , too . 
it 's a resounding failure ( at least on this web site ) , 
so over the top it was borderline comic . 
the film has good moments ( many of the scenes involving a very good greg kinnear , especially his confrontation with zellweger ) , an almost soothing , lyrical score ( and you know a movie 's in trouble when the score sticks out as one of the best things about it ) but nothing jells , it 's parts , good or bad , are so disparate as to be opposing 
his performance nonetheless suffers because it seems at odds with where the movie wants to take it . 
i went in expecting something decent , for betty was gleefully praised , it 's screenplay even winning an award at cannes , but i exited shaking my noggin in bewilderment 
constantly in over the top rant mode , acting more like an angry comic than any thing resembling a hit man ( an occupation that 's represented far too frequently in movies nowadays ) . 
a little too tidy , don'tcha think . 
crash land the sub - theme into a labored speech in the midst of a badly staged gun battle . 
no progress is made and little is unearthed except that maybe labute could use a bit of rest and a lot of contemplation . 
alas betty has the dubious distinction of being the first overpraised junk heap of the new season . 
betty tries to be hip like pulp fiction ( this is another flick featuring a pair of strangely bright and articulate hit men ) , enchanting like the wizard of oz ( of which this film makes several allusions to ) and heartwarming like [ stick in your favorite loveable misfit movie ] , but by the end it left me cold with its calculated desperation . 
nearly every scene between chris rock and morgan freeman fatally slows the picture down , as the two are made to enact soft - boiled tarantino - esque dialogue . 
it falls as flat as diet coke . 
half hearted attempt to make a crowd pleaser and he does n't even seem to have half that heart in it . 
betty 's screenplay makes the mistake of relying too much on concurrence , without which betty would n't make any progress in the film . 
they evince little chemistry , with rock 
a mess that 's as hopelessly saccharine 
what do you get when you rip - off good movies like woody allen 's bananas and martin scorsese 's after hours ? 
why was it made ? and more importantly , is n't there anyone else besides me who thinks these films are offensive ? everyone involved should really reconsider their careers at this point . 
contrived screenplay ) davidson puts up with all of woo 's antics for the entire night , which include her destroying his bathroom mirror , stealing things from his house , violently questioning him ( accusing and belittling him actually ) about previous girlfriends , causing a riot in an elegant restaurant , and other various infuriating things that any normal person would n't tolerate . 
falling in somewhere between def jam 's how to be a player ( which was awful ) and booty call ( which was ok ) , woo is yet another in the embarassing genre of showing african - americans to be nothing more than sexual buffoons . 
a good joke , but a stolen one . 
but for the sake of this bad movie ? 
mcnaughton appears to have completely lost his way here , in what is obviously a stab at mainstream success ( his previous wide - release picture , mad dog and glory , was a box - office disappointment ) . 
not only does the ludicrous screenplay ignore the possibility that someone in the audience may have a triple - digit i . 
it does n't bother to give any of the on - screen individuals even a hint of depth . 
what it is , however , is a series of increasingly- improbable and shockingly predictable plot twists . 
this is film noir for the mtv generation : fast - paced , slick , flashy , gleefully mindless , and hollow to the core . 
both have an abundance of screen time , although i 'll admit that the film 's erotic content is somewhat less impressive than i expected . 
everything in between those serpentine moments is filler -- a flash of a breast , a spatter of blood , and some of the most idiotic dialogue this side of a steven seagal movie . 
but , no matter how shiny the superficial sheen is , this is still trash , and , like all garbage , it stinks . 
wild things has no less than three ( one occurs during the end credits , so stay seated ) , all of which are jaw - droppingly absurd -- 
wild things is easily one of the five dumbest movies to arrive in theaters during the first eleven weeks of 1998 . 
it 's difficult to believe that something this shallow could come from the same film maker . 
the acting in wild things is n't very good , but none of the principals have much to work with . 
" metro " is a film that lasted a little too long , but it was still entertaining , and it gave me something to do while i waited for it to end . 
i despair whenever i encounter this kind of stupidity in mainstream entertainment ; are we still so culturally neanderthal that the only way to include something like that in a big - budget hollywood film is as a hefnerism ? 
douglas 's character is foulmouthed and bitter and that 's it 
it 's supposed to be a thriller , but the plot is dead on its feet , and ultimately arbitrary 
" ) one of the nastier things about the movie is the way it treats lesbianism not as an integral part of someone 's life , but as a kind of kink -- something to thrill men with . 
; stone 's character has an iron - on smile that never changes ; the rest are forgettable . 
the whole thriller aspect of the movie is a shill . red herrings , dead plot threads , violence , and kinky sexuality litter the movie like potholes in manhattan streets . 
dumb dud of an entry in the body heat sweepstakes , and now something of a landmark for having spawned a jillion clones . 
this is n't in itself a problem -- the problem is that up until that point , we 've been given nothing to work with . 
it 's also supposed to be sexy , but it 's instead got the unpleasant rawness of a teenager showing younger kids his collections of dirty pictures . 
basic instinct 's worst crime is that it 's not just a bad movie , but in many ways , an incompetent one as well . it 's stupid in itself , and stupid to think its audience is as stupid as it is 
especially with an ending that is not only unsatisfying , but in many ways inexplicable ? 
they add up to zip , because they 're not happening to people we care about . 
it 's a ripoff . 
; stone 's character has an iron - on smile that never changes ; the rest are forgettable . 
the whole thriller aspect of the movie is a shill . red herrings , dead plot threads , violence , and kinky sexuality litter the movie like potholes in manhattan streets . 
when we do n't even have the luxury of giving a damn about anyone in the movie , who cares what happens in it ? 
essentially a set of cliches recycled from old westerns . 
there are some serious problems in louis mellis 's and david scinto 's script that should have been caught before filming . 
the plot may be new to british crime films , but it would be overly familiar as a western . 
it is not a great plot . 
in spite of the provocative title , the story is cliched and overly familiar . 
they get trashed with another lengthy party sequence or overwrought football game . 
maybe i 'm just a little miffed that i had to pay 3 bucks to see it , even though it was dollar night at the cinema . 
several extended scenes allow for a continual soundtrack of mediocre pop songs meant to appeal to the adolescent male audience this crap was intended for . 
i found the film oftentimes ludicrous and boring . 
the movie 's pacing is slow , and the plot turns are mindnumbingly obvious from start to finish . 
several extended scenes allow for a continual soundtrack of mediocre pop songs meant to appeal to the adolescent male audience this crap was intended for . 
as one - dimensional characters , they are all fanatically obssessed with how their local high school football team performs . 
he plays the hick moxxon adequately , though some of his emotional dialogue will make people chuckle . 
the stock evil guy in countless other movies , is , surprise , the stock evil guy here . 
the choppy editing hurts but russell boyd 's cinematography , luke reichle 's designer duds and trevor rabin 's music lend authenticity . 
working from a politically - correct , clich ? -drenched , sanitized and revisionist screenplay by roderick taylor and john rodgers 
now , more than 20 similarly - themed pictures later , jesse james and his notorious gang of outlaws ride again in a banal mtv spin on an american legend . 
a galloping , formulaic 3 . 
the choppy editing hurts but russell boyd 's cinematography , luke reichle 's designer duds and trevor rabin 's music lend authenticity . 
in fact , i enjoyed myself for most of its brief running time , despite the dreadful acting and a completely incomprehensible story 
the awfulness of a film like this , but that does n't excuse the fact that it is , indeed , awful . 
i have no idea . 
regardless of what i say about knock off , you ca n't grasp its awfulness from my words . 
van damme is bad , but he 's charming in that bad way , and so i ca n't say that he 's hard to watch ( although i rarely understood what he was saying ) . 
it reaches an unacceptable level of badness ; it 's so incoherent that i wonder if it was hacked up worse than the avengers was . 
but it has a certain misguided charm that makes it a unique kind of disaster to endure 
i recognize knock off for its irrefutable badness , but i ca n't deny it 's zany , useless charm . 
but what a strange mess 
it 's loud and excessive and completely incoherent . 
in fact , every character goes through so many shifts from good to bad that the end provides absolutely no insight into what any of them really do . 
yes , this is a bad film -- easily one of the most incompetent films of the year -- 
the acting is embarrassingly bad : 
in that order , knock off is completely incoherent and makes absolutely no sense . 
but did tsui know that his film is beyond ludicrous 
rochon , in particular , delivers each of her lines with stiff and talentless insincerity . 
as i watched it , i occasionally wondered if it was aware of its own awfulness . 
the awfulness of a film like this , but that does n't excuse the fact that it is , indeed , awful . 
dear god , this is a fantastically bad film ! 
they 're all pointless gimmicks 
it also features some truly terrible performances from lela rochon , michael wong , paul sorvino , and -- of course -- jean - claude van damme . 
it reaches an unacceptable level of badness ; it 's so incoherent that i wonder if it was hacked up worse than the avengers was . 
now , in retrospect , it seems clear that it was n't , but it 's still a fascinating kind of mess . 
van damme is bad , but he 's charming in that bad way , and so i ca n't say that he 's hard to watch ( although i rarely understood what he was saying ) . 
this lack - of - speed problem affects many sequences . 
but goes steadily downhill 
putting a dog in peril has become the ultimate hollywood cliche . . . . . . 
one thing that struck me as extremely poor scriptiing was that as the ship crashes through the harbour and town , around 25 people are killed by the ship . . . . 
wooden just does n't describe this guys performance , but it 'll have to do . 
i do n't think he changed facial expressions all movie - jason , smile for the cameras ! ! 
well , not many of the characters actually * had * characters , but here 's a rundown . 
the ending of this movie really is terrible . 
and surprised me , was that the camera work ( for the opening sequence anyway ) was terrible . 
looked like the cameramen were drunk and kept tripping on their own feet . . . . . . 
it tries to be twice as big as it 's predecessor , yet ends up twice as shallow . shallow . . . 
this movie failed simply because it did n't live up to it 's name . . . . 
this movie is a perfect example of how not to make a sequel . 
. . surprise surprise - it just takes waaaaay too long . 
even though annie was n't exactly a rocket scientist in speed , here some of her actions just make you want to beat your head against a wall . 
outside of that chuckle , unfortunately , tracks of a killer will just bore you as the obvious plot is drawn out ad infinitum and the actors , for some reason , become increasing obnoxious . if you 're in a video store and thinking about renting this turkey , do n't . make tracks to a far superior suspense film , like misery . 
outside of that chuckle , unfortunately , tracks of a killer will just bore you as the obvious plot is drawn out ad infinitum and the actors , for some reason , become increasing obnoxious . if you 're in a video store and thinking about renting this turkey , do n't . make tracks to a far superior suspense film , like misery . 
well , the cheesy films being advertised before tracks of a killer were films that no one has ever heard of starring people no one knows , and they all looked bad ( definately not a good sign ) . 
outside of that chuckle , unfortunately , tracks of a killer will just bore you as the obvious plot is drawn out ad infinitum and the actors , for some reason , become increasing obnoxious . if you 're in a video store and thinking about renting this turkey , do n't . make tracks to a far superior suspense film , like misery . 
so ludicrous it 's worthy of a chuckle or two 
strike one was the fact that someone had scrawled the word garbage on the videotape 's sticker in black marker 
this leaves the movie with an hour to go and only three characters , which really is n't enough to sustain it . 
well , the cheesy films being advertised before tracks of a killer were films that no one has ever heard of starring people no one knows , and they all looked bad ( definately not a good sign ) . 
tracks of a killer itself completed the strikeout . 
brolin 's character , for some inexplicable reason , thinks its a great idea to spend some time in a cabin , practically isolated , with lebrock and larson , whom he 's decided to test for the week before giving him full control of his company . 
by the time the characters arrive at the cabin , this film begins to become tedious . 
the plot , cribbed greatly from " 2001 , " concerns a team sent to mars , the first manned trip ever made to the red planet . 
fourth - graders may appreciate this , but more learned viewers will have their intelligence insulted . 
it could be said that fans of brainless action films might enjoy " mission to mars , " but such a comment ignores the fact that the film is also incredibly slow - going . 
a scene where they attempt to save a comrade floating away into space also provides some tension , until you realize that the entire danger / more danger / attempted rescue sequence has absolutely nothing to do with the rest of the film ; it 's just a contrived way to generate thrilling scenes . 
the sequence also suffers from a few plot holes 
" mission to mars " is one of those films that makes a critic wonder where to start when talking about all the things that are wrong with it , so let 's start with one of the things that does work : director brian de palma manages to create some eerie tension in a few scenes during the middle of the film . 
the failure is n't de palma 's fault ; he 's working from an atrocious script . 
leisurely pacing might have helped a film with a little more substance to it , but all of the substance of " mission to mars " has been stolen from other films , and those other films dealt with their ideas in a much more thoughtful fashion and generally contained more engaging characters . 
ca n't we find out these things in a less grating matter , like maybe in a flashback ? 
armin mueller - stahl manages to thoroughly embarrass himself in an unbilled cameo . 
cheadle stumbles over his awkward lines . 
all of it is cribbed from other films ( and in most cases , better films ) . 
this is mentally - challenged filmmaking ; they assume the audience wo n't get what 's going on , so they explain everything five times over . 
robbins puts his game face on and phones in his standard " decent guy " performance . and sinise hams it up with " wistful " facial expressions while watching tapes of his dead wife ( played by kim delaney , who only has one scene during which she still manages to deliver some ridiculous dialogue in a heavy - handed monologue about the meaning of life ) , and especially during the stolen - from - no - less - than - three - movies ( a lollipop to whoever names them ) conclusion , which combines endless , obvious explanation and sub - par cgi effects with gagging sentimentality and is sure to alienate any viewers who had been enjoying the show up until then . 
robbins puts his game face on and phones in his standard " decent guy " performance . and sinise hams it up with " wistful " facial expressions while watching tapes of his dead wife ( played by kim delaney , who only has one scene during which she still manages to deliver some ridiculous dialogue in a heavy - handed monologue about the meaning of life ) , and especially during the stolen - from - no - less - than - three - movies ( a lollipop to whoever names them ) conclusion , which combines endless , obvious explanation and sub - par cgi effects with gagging sentimentality and is sure to alienate any viewers who had been enjoying the show up until then . 
it could be said that fans of brainless action films might enjoy " mission to mars , " but such a comment ignores the fact that the film is also incredibly slow - going . 
" mission to mars " manages to be both stupid and boring at the same time . 
everything else fails . 
because the script makes little attempt to properly develop them . all the " conflict " is clumsily delivered in excruciatingly obvious exposition in the opening scene ( which rips off orson welles and robert altman by utilizing a long opening tracking shot ) during which the characters repeatedly tell each other about things all of them should already know : " jim , it 's too bad you ca n't go on this mission because you were determined ' psychologically inadequate ' because your wife died right before you were to go on the mission together 
there is not one original idea in " mission to mars . 
following the recent tradition of lengthy films , this weighs in at over two very long hours . the weak scenes could have been cut , but then there would n't have been much left . 
there 's too much here that does n't make sense . 
there 's a truism that items shown early in a movie must be used before the ending , but here they are far too obvious . 
while the actors do an adequate job with their limited roles , the people are still flat . 
we never even see the monstrous squid or the menacing storm . stealing from " alien " , " the abyss " and the disastrous " event horizon " , this film has learned nothing from them . 
the climax is followed by 15 minutes of epilogue that does little but weaken the already labored tale . 
one of the most unpleasant experiences that can occur in a movie theater is when a cast of fine actors end up in a film that wastes their talents . 
the movie affectations are nothing more than distracting . 
the shaky camera work muddies already perplexing chaos . much of what goes on is confusing and difficult to follow . 
their history together is an intriguing plot device but is barely exploited . 
we never even see the monstrous squid or the menacing storm . stealing from " alien " , " the abyss " and the disastrous " event horizon " , this film has learned nothing from them . 
the first of the film zooms by as the situation and players are introduced without any characterization or justification 
one of the most unpleasant experiences that can occur in a movie theater is when a cast of fine actors end up in a film that wastes their talents . 
not everything has to be explained to death , but there are major questions that the film never answers . 
her psychotic tendencies are talked about but never convincing . 
while the actors do an adequate job with their limited roles , the people are still flat . 
director barry levinson has churned out a mish - mosh that does n't engage the audience beyond a few skillful suspense scenes . 
all i remember is -- and i kid you not -- graphics on a cia computer screen showing a map of the world , bombs detonating , and an hat - wearing figure on the other side of the world bursting out into laughter . 
early scenes actually _ require _ him to make funny with co - star rob schneider ( improbably cast as a deep cover cia agent posing as marcus 's business partner ) , and the sight and sound of the still - heavily - accented van damme haplessly trying to drop punchlines is hilarious in the wrong way . 
paul sorvino is unconvincing and terribly overwrought 
_ leave much to be desired . 
here , though , tsui 's visual razzle dazzle borders on over kill , coming off as desperate attempts to shield the inanity of the entire enterprise . 
but it is indeed the pathetic performances that provide the bulk of _ 
for each nifty trick tsui pulls off , such as a recurring visual theme that has the camera literally going through the circuitry of electronic devices , there are others that are completely superfluous . 
_ , but this time around , style neither save a script that is at best ridiculous , and at worst incomprehensible ; nor hide a host of truly lousy performances . 
that is , if it has n't already disappeared entirely after this fiasco . 
as schneider 's cia superior ; and lela rochon , playing an investigator for the jeans company , spends the entire movie in perpetual snarl mode . 
there is nothing fundamentally special about the fairly generic chase and fight sequences written by desouza . 
while all of van damme 's films have its share of unintentional laughs , mostly due to the stiff acting " skills " of the physically agile van damme , _ 
van damme is true to laughable form , perhaps even worse than usual . 
van damme plays marcus ray , a hong kong - based sales rep for a jeans company ( ! ) who stumbles upon a russian terrorist scheme to implant powerful microchip - sized bombs in hk product exports to the u . s . 
this is especially disconcerting when the trick in question could be clever when used in the right context . 
director rick friedberg focuses more on the mug shots of his actors ( especially nielsen , who can do this quite well ) than on the delivery and context of their lines , much of the time cutting the punchline short . 
overall , i thought this was a very weak effort . 
upon first viewing of this movie , the phrases " been there " and " done that " come quickly to mind . 
the whole film seems to be in a race with itself to be over , as is evident in the final sequence , where there is no comedic denouement after the climax . 
it borrows all of the wrong elements from the superior zucker brothers films . 
while all of the right films to spoof were chosen , they used none of the right spoofing methods . 
spy hard manages to steal almost every joke from the zucker brothers films , the most popular of which are airplane and the naked gun series . 
( i 'm paraphrasing ) " type of exchange is used at least four times in the opening ten minutes of the film , each time getting progressively less funny . 
the whole film seems to be in a race with itself to be over , as is evident in the final sequence , where there is no comedic denouement after the climax . 
an orginal plot that grows old real fast . 
one of the only 90 minute films that i 've gotten bored through . 
however , i now realize that not only did men in black run out of gas , but the film in 90 minutes manages to show off a very original idea ( which summer audiences have embraced ) that becomes old about 25 minutes into the movie . 
it just makes the movie even more ridiculous and even more boring 
but director barry sonnenfeld did something to this film that ruined its plot : he made the film drag and also put in unncessary elements in it that are found in romance films . 
a sometimes - funny film that sags and lags and oftentimes gets boring . 
nevertheless , even though some parts are indeed funny , the plot in this movie grew old and boring -- quick . 
the premise is ridulous , but that is not why i did n't like this film . 
the ridiculous plot begins when an alien " bug " , played weirdly by vincent d'onofrio , who was so great in full metal jacket , lands on earth to retrieve a galaxy that 's somewhere on " orion 's belt . 
first impressions : critically , a close - to - awful film , but money - wise , it has been doing ( and will continue to do ) great . 
it got terribly boring after a while . 
it does n't work here . 
however , i now realize that not only did men in black run out of gas , but the film in 90 minutes manages to show off a very original idea ( which summer audiences have embraced ) that becomes old about 25 minutes into the movie . 
the characters lack the stature or moral complexity of altman 's real - life heroes in short cuts , even though they are interesting and funny . 
weaving together a grabbag of seemingly unrelated characters 
do n't be surprised if you find yourself asking more than once just what the hell is going on . 
we sit there , watch in disbelief that this movie is as bad as it is . 
even with its 100 m budget " end of days " is less than pleasing . 
the direction by peter hyams is at times a bit overblown , though not nearly as the visual style was in " stigmata " . 
in the trailers it looks like a good scary , action film and ends up being a boring , long and preposterous drama that leads into something else that leaves us with questions . 
whala you have " end of days " a movie that is extremely disappointing 
at times it seems like " armageddon " and started to get old and tiresome . 
only a few things work here and those are a few of the performances , the writing and visual style , but the storyline and the finished product do n't work as well . 
the thing that disappointed me was the fact that there was nothing to the film 
overblown effects , stupid and thin plot - line , good performances , disappointing . . . . 
here we are given great camera work , and some great scenes that are terrifically directed but sadly just do n't work in this movie . 
overblown effects , stupid and thin plot - line , good performances , disappointing . . . . 
the plot could have been more organized , the action scenes could have been more brainy and less mind - numbing 
sadly but truly again like most recent films , all the good parts are in the trailers . 
the script written by andrew marlowe has a few witty lines , but again the movie is all style and no substance and by the ending finale climax i was ready to go home . 
we need to get new ideas and stop recycling old ones just to make money at the box - office . 
the plot which is very confusing at times is also very ludicrous and the movie is destined to be a hit in the first weekend , and flop in the next . 
he seeks help from the catholic church and help from rod stieger ( in a terrific role ) and tries to save this girl leading to an ending that 's satisfying , but turns into a typical action movie 
and like most of his previous roles , his character is a shallow , one - dimensional thug whose modus operandi is to talk tough , hassle a few hapless people , find out what he needs to know , and then dispense his own kind of justice . 
this all gets tiring fairly quickly . 
carter " amounts to nothing more than a flat thriller , bereft of clever moments and devoid of any excitement . 
to know this guy is as rewarding as being thrown over a terrace . and to watch this film is almost as painful . 
" get carter " is a gloomy looking , unimaginative film that offers no joy . 
by the time the film launches into its final act , we 're numb from its pedestrian pace . 
oddly , as a tough - guy thriller , it starves us for action . 
admittedly , there is one nifty chase sequence , but this is related to a tangential and needless plot 
has the personality of a slab of stone . 
the story also fails to generate any kind of emotion . 
you would think that this film 's dismal failure would be due to american filmmakers getting hold of a brilliant british comedy and " americanizing " it . 
then , the song choices are totally uninspired . 
the main problem though is that it 's just not funny 
should you ever happen to meet those chaps , do me a favor . grab them by the hair and yell really loudly in their ear , " what were you thinking ? ! have you ever heard the phrase ' if it ai n't broke do n't fix it ' ? ! " then walk away . 
sad , and creatively lazy 
multiply that running time by three however , and the laughs steadily decrease . 
in the film , bean is constantly moaning , grunting , whining , etc . it 's annoying , and just plain wrong for the character . 
jakob the liar is a confused , muddled little movie ; a generically " uplifting " film with a fundamental contradiction : 
that 's the film 's biggest detriment : it is based on a false assumption and thus comes off as painfully false . 
in good will hunting he became a serious actor and won an oscar for it . here , he is more of a wannabe serious actor ; an impostor . 
he is stragely unenthusiastic ; his character is one who spreads hope but his performance is lifeless , hopeless . 
robin williams has the rarest of gifts : the ability to rise above the most inept material and suffuse it with his irreverent style . 
it 's never moving because it does n't give us anything to be moved by . 
in a curiously irrelevant subplot , jakob finds a 11-year old girl who has separated from her parents and decides to hide her in his small home . 
it tries , sometimes , but it rarely works 
jakob the liar is a confused , muddled little movie ; a generically " uplifting " film with a fundamental contradiction : 
jakob the liar is the kind of movie that ca n't be placed into a category ; not because it covers so many different genres but because it fails at just about every one it attempts . 
robin williams does n't inject the film with life , as a matter of fact , he seems a little out of it , as if crippled by his fake accent . he is stragely unenthusiastic ; his character is one who spreads hope but his performance is lifeless , hopeless . 
he and the girl build an uninvolving , generic relationship that never goes anywhere and is as irrelevant at the end as it was in the beginning . 
it 's in trouble . 
jakob the liar is a confused , muddled little movie ; a generically " uplifting " film with a fundamental contradiction : 
fails to tug any heartstrings which destroys its purpose for existing . 
the studio knew they had a bomb , and purposely dumped it out when the fewest number of people would see it . 
the story is beyond routine , the script is embarrassing 
the characters are worthless , and the performances are annoying . 
captain amazing ( played terribly by an uninspired greg kinnear ) , because of his success in the past , is worried that he will lose popularity . 
" mystery men " drags on towards the end to a point where anything else in the world is more entertaining . 
instead of editing this scene , more editing should have been done in areas such as the unnecessary romance between mr . 
the first scene in the film , which shows the wannabes trying to save the day , feels like it was seriously edited down . 
but with veterans doing this kind of junk , it really questioned whether their other work was as funny as originally thought . 
this film is far from a worthy guilty pleasure . 
they had been used a number of times before in previous films , the best ones , which were mediocre to begin with , were ruined in the trailer , and the expectation of laughing at clever , unique gags from clever unique comedians when there were none to laugh at greatly damaged the film . 
terrible acting , terrible script , and a terrible waste of time 
after freeing one of the most notorious bad guys in the city ( geoffrey rush , overacting just a bit too much ) to keep himself busy , things get out of hand when captain amazing is captured . 
right when it was beginning to become slightly funny seeing these actors get humiliated at an old folk 's home by some masked goons , captain amazing comes in and saves the day ? or ruins the movie . 
the script tried to deliver a series of small jokes throughout the film but without a big laugh - out - loud joke and mediocre small jokes , it failed miserably at being entertaining at all . 
the jokes were bland and hackneyed from talents who have previously made audiences laugh with their unique rituals . 
however , " mystery men " proved to be one of the great disappointments of 1999 . 
another major problem with " mystery men " is that every actor in it seemed very uncomfortable and consequently gave terrible performances . 
another major problem with " mystery men " is that every actor in it seemed very uncomfortable and consequently gave terrible performances . 
to pull one of the actors in this film randomly out of a hat , paul reubens , who disappeared from acting to everyone 's joy , returns here leaving very little to be impressed about . 
the number of cliches and shallow characters made the film difficult to sit through seriously hurting its attempt of having a fast paced premise . 
" mystery men " fails in every category it attempts to pass . what makes this film so bad is that it had the potential to be wonderful and unforgettable . 
they should have called this one " yawn . " 
the characters we do suspect are all undeveloped , so that by the end we do n't even care who the killer is . 
at some point , referencing becomes just a means to cover up a poverty of new ideas . 
the character who turns out to be the killer seems to be selected at random . 
the series ' trademark references to other horror films have become trite and obvious . 
possibly it 's the absence of screenwriter kevin williamson , who penned the first two , or maybe it 's that the hip ironic stance eventually consumes itself and a series that parodies film cliches eventually becomes a cliche 
in a regular batman film , they 'd concentrate on the relationship with the girlfriend a little more , but elle macpherson 's julie madison is so limited here that we never get a real sense of who she is . 
( he 's one of those directors who 's good with actors , terrible with camera angles ) , but writer akiva goldsmith does n't really give an impressive cast anything to do . 
his accent is so heavy , you ca n't understand what he says , and the trouble with action stars like him is they can not act 
" i 'm not an actor , but i play one in real life " schwarzenegger . 
the major problem is schwarzenegger , who is a terrible freeze . 
if you do n't want to waste your time , rent any of the other batman movies from blockbuster . any other . 
and i refuse to do any sequels to any movie i may make because i believe they only get worse . 
not only does schumaccer mess up with the direction 
for a movie with such deep religious and spiritual undertones , it is surprising to find the messenger : the story of joan of arc such an ungodly mess . in the early to mid 1400 's , there was little in the way of spiritual light to be found shining from the heart of a man or woman . 
director luc besson ( the fifth element ) may have co - wrote the script but he never appeared to have a proper handle on the material . the inconsistencies of the cast , the confusing blur of the violent battle scenes , the inappropriate musical score , and the lack of a vibrant life force at the center of the film adds up to a largely disappointing end product which is oftentimes unintentionally laughable . 
director luc besson ( the fifth element ) may have co - wrote the script but he never appeared to have a proper handle on the material . the inconsistencies of the cast , the confusing blur of the violent battle scenes , the inappropriate musical score , and the lack of a vibrant life force at the center of the film adds up to a largely disappointing end product which is oftentimes unintentionally laughable . 
since it is n't , she tried ( and failed ) to act the part . 
her joan is unbalanced , " inspiring " the troops merely by screaming stridently and waving her banner or sword over her head like a woman possessed . 
director luc besson ( the fifth element ) may have co - wrote the script but he never appeared to have a proper handle on the material . the inconsistencies of the cast , the confusing blur of the violent battle scenes , the inappropriate musical score , and the lack of a vibrant life force at the center of the film adds up to a largely disappointing end product which is oftentimes unintentionally laughable . 
director luc besson ( the fifth element ) may have co - wrote the script but he never appeared to have a proper handle on the material . the inconsistencies of the cast , the confusing blur of the violent battle scenes , the inappropriate musical score , and the lack of a vibrant life force at the center of the film adds up to a largely disappointing end product which is oftentimes unintentionally laughable . 
director luc besson ( the fifth element ) may have co - wrote the script but he never appeared to have a proper handle on the material . the inconsistencies of the cast , the confusing blur of the violent battle scenes , the inappropriate musical score , and the lack of a vibrant life force at the center of the film adds up to a largely disappointing end product which is oftentimes unintentionally laughable . 
director luc besson ( the fifth element ) may have co - wrote the script but he never appeared to have a proper handle on the material . the inconsistencies of the cast , the confusing blur of the violent battle scenes , the inappropriate musical score , and the lack of a vibrant life force at the center of the film adds up to a largely disappointing end product which is oftentimes unintentionally laughable . 
then really , that spielberg has lowered himself into making what essentially is a blatant cash in , which adds practically nothing to the far superior jurrasic park . 
over two hours of chase scenes gets way too boring , way too quiclky . add to this a terrible script and some feeble attempts at some occasional characterisation 
( the t . rex 's have to be seen to be believed ) , there is nothing else to recommend the lost world . a very dissapointing sequel , indeed . 
it 's a shame 
then really , that spielberg has lowered himself into making what essentially is a blatant cash in , which adds practically nothing to the far superior jurrasic park . 
it 's let down by one slight problem . it 's crap . 
over two hours of chase scenes gets way too boring , way too quiclky . add to this a terrible script and some feeble attempts at some occasional characterisation and you end up very disinterested . it becomes background noise while your mind starts concentrating on things like , ' what 's for tea ? ' 
if ever a movie screamed " wait for video so you can fast - forward through all the dull and annoying parts 
the other principal actor , robert loggia , wastes his talents in a one - note turn as a ruthless , screaming monster . 
" holy man " attempts to be several things at once . 
as his potential love interest , kelly preston tries to brighten things up , but she transforms from an all - business media shark to an empathic softy far too quickly and the abrupt change reeks of contrivance . 
structurally unsound and way too long 
jeff goldblum gets the lion 's share of screen time and his tired storyline weighs the proceedings down . 
unfortunately , he 's not onscreen enough . 
a superfluous romantic subplot and quite possibly the most annoying performance of robert loggia 's career . 
unfortunately , to get to the good stuff you have to sit through a painfully long set - up , loads of tedious filler , interminable shots of jeff goldblum stammering and twitching , 
, " holy man " is appealing when murphy is onscreen and dull 
if it puts an interesting protagonist in the middle and surrounds her with hackneyed , dull , cardboard secondary characters , especially when at the core of the movie is the protagonist 's various interactions with them . 
because of that , the love letter is awkward and insincere . even worse -- it 's a bore . 
but it 's far from profound . there is n't a common theme running through the proceedings , thus the movie seems thoughtfully pointless . 
this dreadful little comedy . 
and no , i really do n't feel guilty about wishing this movie death at the box - office . 
i liked capshaw and her helen , but everyone else is painfully fake , undermining the little drama or sexual tension that has the potential to exist . 
there 's little that is even a little amusing . 
capshaw 's character is as good as i have seen present in recent romantic comedies , but the people that surround her are all either underwritten or purely one - dimensional . 
this is the love letter 's damning error . 
but bad , it is . awful , it also is . 
the love letter is a failure , and an inane failure at that . ? 
alas , word is filled with little but disappointment , a kooky mix of girl , interrupted and ransom , with michael douglas and company collecting a paycheck to plod through a vapid and dull kidnapping thriller . 
additionally , the use of the surveillance cameras and laptops to track nathan 's every move is downright unbelievable . 
lukewarm , half - baked thrillers starring big names and accompanied by cheap thrills . 
lukewarm , half - baked thrillers starring big names and accompanied by cheap thrills . 
oliver platt , famke janssen , and even sean bean are decent actors , but the stuff they are given here -- such as a bedridden wife fighting off the token black guy with her crutch -- is insulting and demeaning . 
do n't say a word loses the audience inside of 15 minutes . 
alas , word is filled with little but disappointment , a kooky mix of girl , interrupted and ransom , with michael douglas and company collecting a paycheck to plod through a vapid and dull kidnapping thriller . 
how do ex - cons fresh out of the big house afford all this equipment ? despite its flaws , 
the movie 's humor is pathetically lame , and the pacing is way off . 
very silly and parts did not make sense . 
even when he does it comes off as awkwardly unfunny . 
without any class , mr . magoo can only be described as painfully bad . 
angus demonstrates more genuine emotions and a wider acting range than any of the humans in the picture . 
my wife managed to get some sleep during the movie , but i was not so lucky . 
without any class , mr . magoo can only be described as painfully bad . 
some concepts seem patently hopeless from the beginning , a live - action version of mr . 
if you think naked gun star leslie nielsen is a dubious choice to play the role of the short guy who runs into walls , you are right , but there is an even more astonishing selection . 
it was really silly . 
finally , the ending credits contain outtakes of the movie , which have some of the genuineness and spontaneity that the movie badly lacked . rather than attempt to adapt mr . 
she can only pull off one expression , which is looking dorky . 
instead , it just turns out to be merely average . a missed opportunity . 
breakdown is an moderately entertaining , if underwhelming , thriller . 
k as jeff , although he can seemingly only pull of one expression , which is angry . 
if surprisingly familiar and sometimes extraordinarily stupid . some of the things the characters do in this movie is beyond the bounds of idiocy . there are some flaws with the plot also , as the characters do the complete opposite to logical ( presumably to keep the story ' exciting ' ) and also the fact that the story just is n't strong enough to sustain the audience 's attention . 
the ending tries to be bleak , but just comes off annoying 
the film does n't really come to a satisfying conclusion , either . 
there are some flaws with the plot also , as the characters do the complete opposite to logical ( presumably to keep the story ' exciting ' ) and also the fact that the story just is n't strong enough to sustain the audience 's attention . the picture moves along very slowly also . it almost threatens to drop dead . 
although his actual character is pretty weak , and not really menacing enough . 
" all right ! we spent all of this money making big special effects , and we 've got ta get this movie out by summer or it 's going to bomb in our faces . so , you actors just say what ever comes to the top of your head , all right ? make up something , m'kay ? good . roll film ! ! " 
the dialogue seems to be improvized , almost as if there was no rehearsel done at all . 
they lost what was at the center of all the original godzilla movies -- a storyline . 
ugh . 
that about sums this movie up . just , ugh . 
stumbles over his lines , and it 's hard to picture hank azaria in any role besides his classic dog - walking character on the television show " mad about you " . 
> from the ' geniuses ' that brought us " independece day " , arguably the worst sci - fi movie of all time , to ruin whatever reputation godzilla had . 
still , an hour into it , you will become antsy , wondering how long they can drag it out . and drag it out they do ! ! 
and in 50 years , godzilla has maintained that degree of ' whatever ' . leave it to america to screw the whole thing up . 
but too much tries to happen in each frame , and the result is a movie that leaves you exhausted rather than exhilarated . 
the numerous action scenes are loud and headache - inducing and the frenetic pacing never slows down enough for us to care about what 's going on in the movie . 
it 's the story that needs some major work . 
when it all comes down , this is just another rarely entertaining formula killathon , albeit one that feels no need to indulge in gratuitous profanity . 
that i have yet to figure out 
ripe with explosions , mass death and really weird hairdos , tsui hark 's " double team " must be the result of a tipsy hollywood power lunch that decided jean - claude van damme needs another notch on his bad movie - bedpost and nba superstar dennis rodman should have an acting career . 
ripe with explosions , mass death and really weird hairdos , tsui hark 's " double team " must be the result of a tipsy hollywood power lunch that decided jean - claude van damme needs another notch on his bad movie - bedpost and nba superstar dennis rodman should have an acting career . 
the cast , a collection of veteran b - movie actors and sitcom regulars , do only a mediocre job in their roles . 
unenergetically 
unfortunately , it 's been done before and since in much better films , a fact which ultimately leaves the sci - fi fan bored by this movie . 
comments : virtual seduction , executive produced by roger corman and lance h . robbins , serves as a cheaply - made precursor to strange days , a far superior film . 
meschach taylor , of the once popular designing women sitcom , adequately plays a scientist working on the project , but his performance is n't something to write home about either . 
in other words , one could fold laundry while glancing up at it every now and then , but it 's rather boring to just sit and watch . 
virtual seduction has many faults 
this turkey , ultimately , is n't awful , but it 's not particularly interesting or unique either 
many important scenes seem too dark ; the lighting could have been improved significantly . 
this turkey , ultimately , is n't awful , but it 's not particularly interesting or unique either 
the film 's script explores the possibilities of virtual reality interestingly at first , but its treatment of the subject matter gets heavy - handed and wooden as the movie progresses . 
unfortunately , with so much going on , you 're not given enough time in one predicament to be as effectively shocked when a new twist comes about . 
this is just one way director john mcnaughton fails to make this movie as fun as it could 've been . 
that 's how cheezy it comes off . 
the acting is incredibly reminiscent of fox prime - time soap operas , which no , is not a good thing . 
there 's plenty of cheeziness to sit thru in exchange for those two minutes . 
in the right hands , wild things could 've been a wickedly delightful , scrumptiously twisted thriller , but instead we get juvenile overuses of profanity and some very laughable displays of acting . 
as corny as it is , it 's got some interesting aspects and could deserve at least a " b " for effort . 
but aside from these two , the rest offer nothing more than some good eye - full 's . 
this pretzel of storytelling could 've been much more richly realized had a slower pace been taken . 
everyone suffers from heavily melodramatic overtones . 
it is merely used to launch the most twisted story of recent time . 
shen yuelin attempts to gain sympathy by reciting renaissance of a destitute relationship with her deceased father , whilst jack moore is eager to talk about chinese musical instruments when he could have been working on a plan to free himself . taking itself far too seriously 
it is upon the film 's execution where the diminutive plot twists and developments fail to impress or innovate - the evidence that goes missing , the high powered officials shielding the truth and intolerable love angles have all been done so many times before . 
the bizarre ( and often out of place ) way of unfolding a story which is n't that meritorious anyway 
if that was n't bad enough , red corner 's dialogue is purely laughable on many occasions . 
if that was n't bad enough , red corner 's dialogue is purely laughable on many occasions . 
scenes get progressively more ridiculous , ranging from richard gere running over rooftops in search of the us embassy to a scooby doo ending where the least expected but - you - knew - along criminal is discovered . 
although gere 's performance is in no way poorly acted , it is far from perfect , and i look forward to seeing him star with other talented actors that can reduce the need for him to carry a film by himself . 
red corner is one of those films where you sneer , laugh or vomit you 're way through all of its minutes . 
but what they amount to spoils the effect of having them in the first place , perhaps this is why red corner is so frustrating to watch . if you look at the films overall concept fairly broadly , the basic idea is quite tangible . 
scenes get progressively more ridiculous , ranging from richard gere running over rooftops in search of the us embassy to a scooby doo ending where the least expected but - you - knew - along criminal is discovered . 
what should have been a politically taunt thriller is little more than a pointless expedition to see how stressed out richard gere can act . 
or more the point , anyone that allows him to bask in his own less - than - subtle presence . 
combined with feeling like bonanza : the teen years , this homogenized production ( toned down to get the ever - popular pg-13 rating ) gives us an invincible jesse james that quickly grows tiresome and boring 
alas , any sense of his character has been left on the ranch , leaving us with only cute chicks like ali larter ( minus the whipped cream ) to watch . 
the biggest disappointment here lies in the acting of colin farrell . 
and that record is not improved with the unbearable tale of american outlaws . 
instead , the movie is full of old , outrageous tales about the wild west -- tales which went out of style in 5-cent magazines about a century ago . 
not to mention : the real story of jesse james and his gang bears no resemblance to the plot of american outlaws . 
those days are gone . now we have crap 
actually , i 'm fairly sure the experience of having my flesh torn and mutilated by barbed wire would have been more positive than watching this movie . 
this is one of those automatic - pilot movies anyone could write or direct . 
the plot ( ha - ha ) revolves around a pair of contact lenses that allow their wearer to pass through the congressional directorate 's retina scanners . 
if you 've seen any action flick of the past fifteen years , you 'll recognize plenty of lifted elements . 
the movie just continued on its path of lame action scenes starring pamela van - damme , big - busted kickboxer , and her resistance accomplices , ex - boyfriend axel ( tamuera morrison ) and cora ( victoria rowell ) . 
hate to burst your bubble , but there are no full - fledged nude scenes in barb wire . 
( " the worst movie of the year , " i say . ) 
it 's got the non - titillating scenes of voyeurism , laughable flashbacks , bad dialogue and action cliches out the wazzoo 
unfortunately , this one resembles in several hideous ways . 
the cast seems decent , but they 're never asked to do anything remotely interesting . instead , the film inundates the audience with countless shots of people and/or cars rolling downhill in the forest , and with constant annoying references to other disney films . 
part buddy comedy , part fish - out - of - water story , part nature tale , meet the deedles is not nearly as interesting as any of those archetypes . in fact , it is an invitation you ought to disregard . phil and stew deedle ( paul walker and steve van wormer ) are the twin sons of the famous millionaire , elton deedle ( eric braeden ) , founder of deedle enterprises . 
there 's a moment when phil utters the line , " insert laugh here " , which nearly sums up the entire meet the deedles experience . 
instead , it 's merely bad in an excruciatingly boring sort of way . 
instead , the film inundates the audience with countless shots of people and/or cars rolling downhill in the forest , and with constant annoying references to other disney films . 
big daddy is the first film in which the story seems more important than sandler 's comic performance , and it 's a miserable failure 
as one might expect from the synopsis , director dennis dugan resorts to the usual bag of manipulative and sentimental sequences , including a repulsive courtroom battle and a lot of teary scenes in which characters say " good - bye " to one another ; in addition , there 's a ridiculous amount of disgusting toilet humor ( urine and vomit both get more screen time than sandler himself ) . 
there 's a hilarious running joke featuring a female doctor who previously worked at hooters , and the film features passable performances from sandler , joey lauren adams ( as the love interest ) , and the two young boys , but the film on the whole is trite and disappointingly unfunny . 
as one might expect from the synopsis , director dennis dugan resorts to the usual bag of manipulative and sentimental sequences , including a repulsive courtroom battle and a lot of teary scenes in which characters say " good - bye " to one another ; in addition , there 's a ridiculous amount of disgusting toilet humor ( urine and vomit both get more screen time than sandler himself ) . 
the low point comes when lara is " threatened " by statues of monkey warriors and a giant multi - armed shiva figure that come to life courtesy of cgi . 
renders them incomprehensible with needless jump cut editing 
it promises a series of exotic locales , then delivers cavernous sets and grimy matte paintings with smoggy skies . throw in some bargain basement computer graphics and you end up with the ugliest movie to come down the pike in many moons . 
based on an incredibly popular video game , " lara croft : tomb raider " is a lousy movie . 
now , i enjoy a good looking male body as much as the next gay guy , but what the hell is beefcake doing in a t&a flick aimed at heterosexual males ? of course , what else should one expect in a film that does virtually nothing right ? 
none of this matters though , because stunning gaps in internal logic assure that the plot of " lara croft : tomb raider " is as lame as ever other aspect of the film ? except angelina jolie 's lips and breasts . 
( a promising dual bungee cord battle is ruined by excessive cuts ) . 
now , i enjoy a good looking male body as much as the next gay guy , but what the hell is beefcake doing in a t&a flick aimed at heterosexual males ? of course , what else should one expect in a film that does virtually nothing right ? 
none of this matters though , because stunning gaps in internal logic assure that the plot of " lara croft : tomb raider " is as lame as ever other aspect of the film ? except angelina jolie 's lips and breasts . 
but the filmmakers are so inept 
the structure goes like this : poorly - staged action sequence , boring exposition , poorly - staged action sequence , boring exposition , etc . etc . , the end . 
it promises a series of exotic locales , then delivers cavernous sets and grimy matte paintings with smoggy skies . throw in some bargain basement computer graphics 
i mention this scene because it was the only moment in the whole damned production that made me smile . 
" tomb raider " lacks any sense of tension . 
easily the lamest menaces i have ever seen , the creatures move like snails and fall apart with a single shot from a gun . 
" american perfekt " is a waste of time . 
" american perfekt " is a jumbled mess . 
having now seen the film , i understand why it never saw theatrical release . 
nothing is gained from watching this movie , except maybe a migraine . 
nothing in this movie makes sense . 
the storyline is non - existent . it took me half the movie just to figure out what was going on 
i suppose this free - wheeling , no plot style is supposed to give the film an element of danger and excitment , but all it did was make me sleepy . 
there 's lots of shooting and some kung fu fightin ' , but none of it progresses beyond the level of a cheap direct - to - cable flick . 
however , despite the potential of the project , " tomb raider " proves to be yet another bomb . 
now this train wreck . 
while we do n't see much of her acting ability 
having jolie 's real life father jon voight play the dead dad makes it even creepier 
tomb raider " seems to be more interested in displaying her breasts ; so much attention is drawn to them that it 's a shame 
however , the action in " tomb raider " shows little style or originality . 
considering the rumors of incest that hang over jolie and her supposed obsession with death , having lara be obsessed with resurrecting her dead father ( and uninterested in any of the living males around her ) seems a poor choice . 
the plot is a convoluted accumulation of nonsense probably borrowed from a dozen bad movies . 
the last of vampire - films offers plenty of blood and gore , but beyond that - nothing . 
still it is like most vampire - films - a mediocre experience . 
neither the synopses or carpenter 's direction are original . 
the other cast members are struggling . 
the film introduces us two three different characters who , in the beginning , are considered outsiders because they 're not ( yet ) part of this clique : the new kid , steve ( james marsden - dull dull dull dull ) , who 's having trouble at home because he has n't gotten over his brother 's ( ethan embry , in quick flashes so you do n't recognize him - i did ) suicide ; the renegade girl , rachel ( katie holmes , from " dawson 's creek " ) , who 's chief personality 
it 's too sloppy and too contrived . 
at such a short running time and with such lame , boring characters as these , it 's pretty much obvious that leaving this film leaves a horribly unsatisfied taste in one 's mouth , especially mine . 
both have an annoying alternative soundtrack , and both are aimed at the teenage crowd , which i guess includes me . 
here , we have another case of " the idiot plot , " where not only could steve had done something about gavin and what happens to him , but he may have saved this film from being the dreary , dull film that it is without gavin , who gives it life and humor . 
at such a short running time and with such lame , boring characters as these , it 's pretty much obvious that leaving this film leaves a horribly unsatisfied taste in one 's mouth , especially mine . 
alas , it 's not , and it plumets into that little group of movies known as " the movies with potential that blow it . 
do n't go see 
it also does n't help that the character of death is written so inconsistently . 
where pitt is cold and unfeeling , cage is as warm and empathetic as the situation allows . 
where cage is genuinely curious about the nature of man , pitt is aloof and arrogant . 
we get scene after scene of fish - out - of - water humor , just as if death is george of the jungle or crocodile dundee or some other poor schmuck who 's wandered in from the jungle or the outback or whatever and does n't know how to act in our society . 
sir anthony hopkins is n't given much better material to work with , unfortunately . 
meet joe black is chock - full of odd performances , people doing things for no discernible reason at all , and doing them in slow motion over the course of three hours to boot 
the end . yawn . yawn . yawn . 
murphy is stranded with too few solid punch lines , and nearly all of the ones he does have bounce of ejogo and fall to the ground limply 
worst of all is a plot structure which places the main villain ( the always menacing michael wincott ) behind bars for far too long , leaving a lot of time to kill with the tedious reconciliation of scott and veronica . 
murphy is stranded with too few solid punch lines , and nearly all of the ones he does have bounce of ejogo and fall to the ground limply 
when a film makes watching eddie murphy a tedious experience , you know it is doing something terribly wrong . 
the fact that carter was able to demonstrate even that much recognition of cliches , and a willingness to subvert them , makes his involvement in the rest of the disaster 
metro ( the title , in case you are wondering , means absolutely nothing ) is so badly put together that even the most casual viewer may notice the miserable pacing and stray plot threads . 
an action film like this plods so relentlessly and obviously from point a to point b to point c that you might find yourself shouting out " point c ! " while they 're still getting to point b , or getting up with the rest of the audience after the big explosion which signals that nothing else of any consequence is going to happen . 
metro ( the title , in case you are wondering , means absolutely nothing ) is so badly put together that even the most casual viewer may notice the miserable pacing and stray plot threads . 
i have learned to expect little from films like metro , and consequently i am bored by them more often than i am genuinely disappointed . with eddie murphy on board , however , you hope for something extra , some kind of spark . 
the film runs at a short 78 minutes , but it seems to be more in the vicinity of two hours , as the bleak , slow pacing makes children of the corn 666 : issac 's return excruciatingly boring 
from the start the film is unclear of where its going , not developing any characters or throwing any concrete plot details across the table , constantly introducing new characters without personalities or the slightest hint of an individuality , and sub plots that have nothing to do with what seems to the main focus of the film . 
everyone and everything involved with children of the corn 666 : issac 's return , namely writers john franklin and tim sulka , along with director kari skogland , should crawl under a rock , and hope no one sees their horrible work of trash . the bottom line : horrible , horrible , horrible . 
the sixth installment in the horrible , worn out series is by far the worst to date 
. plot holes are everywhere in tim sulka and john franklin 's unbelievably horrible script , as nothing is accomplished or clear when the film reaches its conclusion . 
let 's pray that this is the finale in one of the worst current film series . one of the worst horror films in years . 
from the start the film is unclear of where its going , not developing any characters or throwing any concrete plot details across the table , constantly introducing new characters without personalities or the slightest hint of an individuality , and sub plots that have nothing to do with what seems to the main focus of the film . 
. plot holes are everywhere in tim sulka and john franklin 's unbelievably horrible script , as nothing is accomplished or clear when the film reaches its conclusion . 
unlike the other five chapters , children of the corn 666 is a confusing , brainless thriller that takes the psychological horror route rather than slasher horror , but either way , none of these movies are the least bit scary . 
maybe these are the end of your action days . 
arnold schwarzenegger has been an icon for action enthusiasts , since the late 80 's , but lately his films have been very sloppy and the one - liners are getting worse 
it 's pitiful to see how scripts like these get bought and made into a movie . 
the ending was changed to make it more spiritual , which undoubtedly ruined the film . 
do n't bother to see this , if you 're expecting a solid action flick , because it 's neither solid nor does it have action . 
i was at least hoping for a cool ending if nothing else occurred , but once again i was let down . 
even with some of the worst material of her career to deal with , she is still a treat to watch in her role as sandler 's overprotective and overbearing mama . 
it 's just too bad that 99 percent of all of the jokes fell flat . 
all of whom are very good , just hamstrung by really , really , lousy material . 
nothing could be further from the truth , as matter of fact , sandler 's idiot voice started to get on my nerves at points in this film . 
those responsible for this mess seem to think that the sheer fact that sandler walks around using a goofy voice and playing dumb the entire movie is a substitute for actual funny material . 
it 's really a shame too , because this film had the potential to be very funny . 
the problem with the waterboy is the same as most other adam sandler movies . 
even with the performances of bates and winkler , there is absolutely no way i would recommend this movie . 
the son of james caan should not be reduced to garbage like this ! ) are two losers from wyoming with no jobs and no girlfriends , who look up to world championship wrestling champion jimmy king ( a terribly casted oliver platt ) , as he is everything they are not . 
and he is screwed out of his title by the evil , ruthless promoter titus sinclair ( a wasted palitaliano , in a role originally meant for real - life wcw president eric bischoff , whose name was written all over the role ! ) . 
all of these aspects of the film , needless to say , seriously offended me as a wrestling fan . 
anybody who has seen the documentary wrestling with shadows , documenting wwf owner vince mcmahon 's double - crossing of bret hart , will probably realize via the reviews and previews of ready to rumble , that it is basically a rip - off of that film 's storyline with the poor man 's wayne and garth thrown in for comedic affect . 
the son of james caan should not be reduced to garbage like this ! ) are two losers from wyoming with no jobs and no girlfriends , who look up to world championship wrestling champion jimmy king ( a terribly casted oliver platt ) , as he is everything they are not . 
i hate that cliche ! 
but it 's an awfully small reward for sitting through a painfully awful movie . 
lackluster moira kelly in the crucial role of donna . 
the plot is jumbled and illogical , not to mention excruciatingly sluggish . 
unfortunately , the theater was far more impressive than the movie , which absolutely stinks , much like a french lavatory . 
one knows fairly quickly that if things are going to work our happily for everybody certain plot contrivances have to happen . 
while the story was entertaining , i did not feel that i got anything worthwhile from the film . 
the plot turns in several places are contrived . 
the characters are paper - thin and the interesting ideas purely non - existent . 
what seems to have started life as a victoria 's secret photo shoot quickly deteriorates into one heck of an embarrassing movie . 
the most convincing evidence of this are the trailers for office space , which feature almost all of the movie 's top content ; this leaves the actual picture appearing very deflated . other evidence of office space 's failure to work are its lack of good jokes . 
however , the movie is loaded with too many misfires -- including the token plot -- to allow for any excuse . 
the most convincing evidence of this are the trailers for office space , which feature almost all of the movie 's top content ; this leaves the actual picture appearing very deflated . other evidence of office space 's failure to work are its lack of good jokes . 
but unfailingly , judge manages to make some rather inexcusable mistakes in office space by spreading an iffy plot over too much ground . 
unfortunately the concept lends itself to skit - length sequences which would be more at home on the set of " saturday night live " rather than a full - length feature . 
a sympathetic cast and a muddled jennifer aniston - as - love - interest subplot are all that keep this one together , but it 's definitely missable in lieu of something more intelligent . 
" me , myself & irene , " by contrast , seems to have been made by folks who looked at " mary " and saw only the surface grossness , missing all of the subtle machinations that really made it work . having been produced by the same guys who made " mary , " " irene " seems like an even bigger disappointment . 
" me , myself & irene " reeks of wasted opportunities . 
he , like the others , does absolutely nothing unexpected . after viewing the shapeless mess that " me , myself & irene " eventually dissolved into , i was stuck wondering whether or not the farrellys had outsmarted themselves . 
chris cooper is stuck playing exactly one note 
but they have n't come up with a way to make any of it fresh ; most of " me , myself & irene " comes off as rote , by - the - numbers , adolescent comedy . 
he 's left with nothing much to do here 
yes , it all seemed perfect , but one thing went wrong : their movie is n't funny . 
the brothers pile on the offensive humor , taking shots at race , midgets , albinos , mental illness , and all manner of bathroom jokes . 
zellweger 's irene is not a strong female lead ; mary in " mary " may have been part adolescent fantasy , but she was also intelligent and strong - willed . 
even after that happens , though , i 'll still consider " me , myself & irene " to be a high - caliber misfire . 
then things start getting lost in the most complicated plot the farrellys have ever attempted , and the film runs off its tracks . 
there 's no real suspense here 'cause you do n't care about anyone . 
they 're just stupid . 
if you want to waste your time watching a boring , stupid disaster flick 
watching really fake - looking magma 
my god , it was actually painful to sit through this little 102 minute long film . 
" volcano " takes a semi - intriguing yet stupendously inane plot ( a volcano no one knew about suddenly errupts one fine morning and then erupts again later then stops . . . 
this is funny the first time just 'cause it is , but funnier as the film goes on since it 's totally ironic since the screenwriters of this inane film probably read it , outlined it and then wrote this film . 
the overall product here is a highly forgettable cup of " average " , with a few laugh - out - loud moments and a great big gap in between them . 
" unbalanced " is the word to stamp on this hit and miss and miss and miss effort . 
. director todd holland has gone about making this film in all the wrong ways . 
cut that crap out , add some razor sharp dialogue and witty sociological perceptions and you 've got a good start . 
most of the characters are surprisingly two - dimensional , and the only one who seems to exhibit any real acting effort ( lyonne ) seems to go greatly unappreciated 
sadly , the mostly - misfired toilet humor , overly comical musical score ( by bruce broughton ) , and sugar coated sentiments ( all the key ingredients of a " family comedy " ) just are n't the right tone for this film . 
the movie is a shoddy cheesefest full of digital eye candy , stapled carelessly onto a flimsy screenplay which somehow manages to leapfrog the great promise of a space opera , instead shooting for the angle of a feel - good science fiction drama more akin to ` 2001 : a space odyssey ' . 
the movie is a shoddy cheesefest full of digital eye candy , stapled carelessly onto a flimsy screenplay which somehow manages to leapfrog the great promise of a space opera , instead shooting for the angle of a feel - good science fiction drama more akin to ` 2001 : a space odyssey ' . 
depalma 's direction is quite good in these scenes , although the score by ennio morricone is largely inconsistent 
sinise is a wonderful , wonderful actor , but after appearing in ` snake eyes ' and this vomit - inducing sham , i 'm sure he would n't want to risk the embarrassment of a third collaboration . 
the end ' somehow adding insult to injury ) , a few audience members made the effort to boo and hiss at the screen . others muttered obscenities , shaking their heads in disbelief while mumbling ` jeez , that sucked . ' okay , it did suck . 
it 's a colossal bummer that ` mission to mars ' is poorly assembled and laughably written , with a dubious and supremely silly finale that will only satisfy dedicated optimists . 
as mentioned before , anyone looking for some disaster - movie carnage is going to feel savagely disappointed . . . maybe even cheated . after the unbelievably hokey final shot ( with the words ? 
it 's a colossal bummer that ` mission to mars ' is poorly assembled and laughably written , with a dubious and supremely silly finale that will only satisfy dedicated optimists . 
for all the blood and gore , nudity , and sex thrown in , species ii is , quite simply , a vapid bore . 
however , medak and brancato have no idea what exactly to do with her for this installment . 
but the filmmakers do not display any discernable effort at all 
so the rest of the time we are treated to patrick , played with little zest by lazard . 
but that 's not the only source director peter medak and writer chris brancato steal from . 
helgenberger and madsen go through the motions , but they are already hampered by the clich ? d development 
the rest of the cast also fails to add much , but the writing can be faulted for that . 
yet they have somehow managed to fabricate something just as bad , if not even worse . something is clearly amiss 
ii 's worst crime is being a thoroughly uninteresting piece of work . at least the original featured plenty to laugh at -- unaccountably awful performances by the otherwise fine actors ben kingsley and whitaker , and the sight of helgenberger 's character performing fellatio on madsen 's , for a start . 
so , coming from such b - grade roots , its sequel 's stunning ineptitude is not terribly surprising , yet at the same time it is . 
" starting with a burglary of francis 's flat , the film uses loud sound effects that sound like they were lifted from a cheap horror movie . 
daniel craig , in a lifeless performance , plays the burglar and boxer , george dyer . 
as always , jacobi 's acting is impeccable , but the movie tries hard and succeeds at being unentertaining and opaque . 
has horrid characters filmed bizarrely and confusingly by a director who is much more interested in technique than storytelling . 
i would n't have a problem with this offbeat detail if the painfully thin story had been of any interest , but it was n't , and therefore , 
brightens up every scene she is in , and has a definite flair for comedy , something i would have liked to have seen more of , since most of the humor fell with a resounding splat . 
" l . a . confidential " ) , is a wildly uneven and thoroughly unpleasant revenge thriller that takes one idea --- a movie with non - stop violence , death , and villains --- and runs with it , or should i say , barely manages to crawl away with it . 
mel gibson , in yet another disappointing picture 
" payback " is not , in any way , an entertaining film , even though i am sure the makers hoped it would be with all the graphic carnage that goes on , but take away that violence and what you are basically left with is a blank screen . 
i found myself having an especially laborious time investing myself into a wide array of character that have absolutely no redeeming qualities whatsoever 
unger , who made an impression in 1997 's " the game , " is surprisingly wasted and it is difficult to see why she took such a part since she disappears ten minutes in , and only has two purproses : ( 1 ) to get high on heroin , and ( 2 ) because she plays a key part in an early flashback . 
finally , kris kristofferson appears in a throwaway role during the climax , and this unnecessary plot development sticks out like a sore thumb 
, sleepwalks through a role that is not the least bit challenging . 
quite the contrary , every person in the movie deserved to die a gory death ( although some of them did , anyway , just to spice up the dull proceedings ) . 
i must have , because sitting through this movie was sheer punishment . 
so what do you have when the humor is absent from your comedy , and the acting is like the siberian steppes ? 
the first problem is a flaw in the plot . 
the whole movie is therefore seriously undermined because the key point in the plot is never credible . another problem is in the humor . 
jeff goldblum disappoints . 
kelly preston is flat ( but not like that ) . 
" holy ! @#% that movie was awful ! " this one is for the truly pious . 
robert loggia , in the kind of role for which he has been virtually typecast , ca n't do anything with it . the script is part of the problem , but these actors do n't even look like they believe in the move they 're making . they look a lot like they 're bored . 
a tortuous ( and seemingly mandatory ) romance between ricky and kate , and a sub - plot involving a conniving pr man ( eric mccormack ) who wants to discredit g and take over ricky 's job as producer . 
the script gives him almost nothing to work with , and it seems as though director stephen herek kept him toned down so that the other actors in the film would n't be left as window dressing . 
there 's only one moment in the film where murphy is allowed to let loose , and it lasts for three shouted words , which seem totally out of place as a result . pathetic . 
unfortunately , the film plummets straight down after that , with dumb parodies of many teen flicks that have nothing to do with horror such as save the last dance and dude , where 's my car , and other action movies like charlie 's angels and mission impossible 2 . 
you should all be ashamed of yourselves for not putting enough " real " effort into this chop - job and for not providing your fans with the ultimate of your talents . 
i say again , it took seven people to write 82-minutes worth of fart jokes , half - assed stunts and spoofs of films other than horror . 
there are a couple of funny one - liners , but mostly just rehashed one - joke scenes , a lot of dead silence and lame gags . 
you should all be ashamed of yourselves for not putting enough " real " effort into this chop - job and for not providing your fans with the ultimate of your talents . 
oh yeah , there 's also something about a ghost possessing the mansion and shit , but trust me , you wo n't care much about the " plot " in this film . . . 
this one just does n't work ! 
add to that the very unoriginal title and movie poster 
well , i 'm sorry to have to say this but the only horror in this film is its lame - ass script 
after an ingenuous opening showing pongo 's morning routine as he gets daniels prepared for the day , the film quickly tumbles into lame slapstick 
joely richardson and jeff daniels are stunningly bland in their lead roles . 
101 dalmatians " has cute puppies and a hoot of a performance from glenn close , but not enough to warrant enduring third rate slapstick , bland characters , and unconvincing animatronic raccoons high - fiving one another . rent the cartoon ! 
the second half of the film , where local animals team up to rescue 99 nondescript dalmatian puppies from devil and her henchmen , is a tedious home alone clone , with the bad guys enduring a variety of sadistic assaults worthy of an itchy & scratchy cartoon , including a thug getting his testicles fried on an electric fence . 
here , he and richardson are so consistently bland 
the canines ' lack of personality would be easier to take if the human beings had a little . 
but the main problem i found with " spawn " , as with most films that wind up on my " worst of " lists , is that it was just plain boring 
performances , however , were either wooden or , for the most part , unforgivingly campy . 
if you really want to catch a movie , there are many better ones out there , 
but it did manage to top the bottom five of the bottom ten , which , in simpler terms , means it comes in at number 6 on my " worst of 1997 " list . 
i was impressed with the opening sequence , so long as i did n't allow the melodramatic voice - over and lobotomizing editing 
well , annoyingly unprofessional . 
never too soon , the movie did conclude in a very simple , disappointing way . 
" has very little to offer even the most avid moviegoers ! 
even bob uecker 's once - sharp one - liners have turned lame , and they 're the closest the film comes to being even vaguely amusing . 
it 's a wretched time- waster . 
the two sequels have n't just been stale , but their humor quotient has been abysmally low . 
just an assortment of cliched oddballs . 
they 're not just boring ; they 're lackluster . 
one entry was definitely enough , and i 'm surprised there was a third after the anemic showing and low quality of major league 2 . this latest installment has all the earmarks of something that should have been released direct - to - video . it 's worse than a mediocre made - for - tv feature . 
the voodoo hitter , the catcher who ca n't throw back to the pitcher , the japanese player , and the conceited player - turned - owner have all returned , but who really cares ? they have no depth . 
dante 's peak has a singular talent for pointing out the obvious . 
one plot thread left noticeably hanging was the investment in the town of dante 's peak . 
there are several " warning signs " prior to the eruption itself , but they are so lackluster and without suspense that we do n't feel as if they are leading up to anything 
watching the movie , i was able to not only anticipate each of the major plot elements , but some of the dialogue as well . unfortunate , since much of the dialog is terrible . 
there is a severe lack of chemistry between the two characters , and the relationship seems rushed because of this . 
it * ca n't * generate any genuine tension , and so it has to artifically inject tension through clumsy plotting . 
it 's not ultimately about anything at all , except its stupid geared - down plot , which inches onwards in one unremarkable scene after another towards a totally contrived ending . 
so muddled it does n't even know what it 's really advocating , if anything . 
it is not , however , a good movie , and all of the reasons i 've listed above have something to do with why . 
it 's not ultimately about anything at all , except its stupid geared - down plot , which inches onwards in one unremarkable scene after another towards a totally contrived ending . 
the whole way these questions get handled are symptomatic of the movie 's way of dealing with complex legal and moral questions in cheap screenwriterly slam - bang fashion . 
the old saw about how no court in the land would convict him , if he was white , is supposed to be the underlying theme of the movie , but it 's never developed into an organic component of the story . it just sort of floats around on top while the movie grinds away furiously with its plot mechanics . another mistake is in motivational logic : by not having the two white thugs arraigned first -- or maybe tried and then dismissed from lack of evidence , say -- we have that much less empathy for jackson 's character . 
mcconaughey is then drafted in as his lawyer , and the rest is somehow strangely predictable courtoom movie dramatics . the acting is not quite what it should be , given the cast we have . 
a time to kill is as empty and ponderous a movie as i 've seen in a long time . 
at two and a half hours , the movie is overlong and drastically overwritten 
it 's all handwaving . the closing argument are also sneaky and underhanded , and underscored my suspicion that the movie is manipulative and unfair . 
sandra bullock ( who is a good actress but not a serious one ) looks clueless ; spacey 's accent switches itself on and off at random ( and he 's given a totally thankless role to play as well , a role without an iota of depth ) ; and mcconaughey 's role is stamped from the cardboard back of a cereal box . 
sandra bullock ( who is a good actress but not a serious one ) looks clueless ; spacey 's accent switches itself on and off at random ( and he 's given a totally thankless role to play as well , a role without an iota of depth ) ; and mcconaughey 's role is stamped from the cardboard back of a cereal box . 
one of the most aggravating things about coutroom movies is how little they seem to know about how the law works , or how lawyers get their information . 
the main problem with " deep rising " is its overt familiarity ; the movie makes absolutely no attempt to differentiate itself from most sci - fi / horror films in recent memory . 
as if a cast deserving of their snack food - fate is n't bad enough ( when you taunt the monster , you 're really asking for it ) , " deep rising " is a slow , stupid slog through a story without a single bright spot . 
" deep rising " gives you that sinking feeling both literally and figuratively : not only does the movie take place on a cruise ship slowly being immersed into the middle of the ocean by a squid - like menace , but the unfolding story is artificial , silly and almost completely derivative of countless other ( and , for the most part , better ) films . 
watching " deep rising " 's cast battle the beast is a murky chore in itself , because none of them have well - developed characters , nor do they seem to project even the slightest sense of fear when facing their enemy . 
o'connor , as finnegan 's mechanic , provides comic relief with screechy manic shtick that gets old fast 
the main problem with " deep rising " is its overt familiarity ; the movie makes absolutely no attempt to differentiate itself from most sci - fi / horror films in recent memory . 
" deep rising " gives you that sinking feeling both literally and figuratively : not only does the movie take place on a cruise ship slowly being immersed into the middle of the ocean by a squid - like menace , but the unfolding story is artificial , silly and almost completely derivative of countless other ( and , for the most part , better ) films . 
folks , we 're only a month into the new year , and already here 's a candidate for one of its stinkiest releases . 
an interesting supporting cast is thoroughly wasted ; pretty famke janssen , best known as " goldeneye " 's killer thighs , is trapped in a forced romantic interest with williams , while kevin j . 
fleischer 's direction is clumsy , especially during the fight scenes , and all the actors give weak performances , especially susan george whose constant shrieking finally becomes laughable . 
it fails on both fronts . it 's too trashy to be good drama , but too dramatic to be good trash . 
dramatically , " mandingo " is weak and unfocused , and historically it 's mostly confused . 
wexler 's script is pure poor hokum bordering on the offensive 
fleischer 's direction is clumsy , especially during the fight scenes , and all the actors give weak performances , especially susan george whose constant shrieking finally becomes laughable . 
fleischer 's direction is clumsy , especially during the fight scenes , and all the actors give weak performances , especially susan george whose constant shrieking finally becomes laughable . 
the issues the movie brings up are worthwhile , but wexler 's script refuses to move them beyond a surface level of trashily vicarious viewing . 
a number of reasons , including the fact that all those experienced filmmakers behind and in front of the camera did a lousy job . 
but all this is constantly undermined by the film 's negligible point - of - view 
a scene like this has no purpose in the film , and it sticks out from everything else that happens . 
the doom generation " is advertised as a road trip movie about people who go around killing others who attack them , and also as another " teen angst " film ( one of the slogans is " teen is a four - letter word " - hardy har har ) . 
rose macgowan is horrible . 
if araki had any kind of competence in writing or direction , he 'd show them for what they really are . 
not only does it have bad fallacy , but it ca n't even express this in an intelligent and coherent manner . 
people such as indie actors parker posey and nicky katt , alternative rock stars skinny puppy and perry farrel , hollywood madam heidi fleiss , christopher " peter brady " mcknight , amanda bearse , and margaret cho all grace the screen for a matter of seconds , then disappear so that we can return to the annoying main plot line . 
by really cheap surrealism , and moronic exchanges like this . 
" i have seen lots of bad actors , but james duval has got to be the worst . 
and if you still do n't think that " the doom generation " is incompetent on every single possible level it could be , take the acting . 
yes , she proved herself talented in " scream , " but she 's so bad in " the doom generation " that if i had not seen her in " scream , " i would have christened her one of the worst actresses working in films today . her entire performance is one - note 
his performance is annoying as hell , and granted , he was better in " that thing you do ! 
xavier and amy have sex and jordan watches from the window , masturbates , and falls backwards ; a man attacks the trio , and is stabbed in the crotch by a giant sword ( put there just so this could happen ) ; a fast food employee stalks the trio , and his arm is shot off by xavier ; and various other annoyances . 
he has the same kind of slacker stuttering , only much much much worse , and every line he says is so bad that i have now deemed him " least talented actor in the world . " i have seen lots of bad actors , but james duval has got to be the worst . 
( bitchy ) , and the one scene where she cries over a dead animal is so forced that it 's laughable . 
unfortunately , the film is n't smart enough to play upon the drag aspect . 
had it been the cliche sports comedy , but it feels the need to go off on tangents that are completely unnecessary ( and bad at that ) 
just when we think the martha character is going to be useful , she disappears , and the story wanders aimlessly looking for a new plot to pick up on . 
then there is a pointless scene where chester and matthew shop for a dress , but for what reason ? 
i did n't laugh , but for some reason it did n't annoy me that much . 
there 's a couple of really serious scenes that throw off the entire momentum of the movie , like the abuse angel takes from her hustler ex - boyfriend . 
the main problem i had 
sadly , that is the case with kingpin , a film directed by the farrelly brothers , the duo that brought us there 's something about mary and dumb and dumber . 
that really ruined it , however , and that 's too bad . 
it seemed unfunny . 
is a waste of yuor talent and my money . 
it seemed overlong , like a snl skit on steroids , and at any length 
everything is wrong about this movie : the performances are forced , and the audiences fail to relate to any of the characters . 
all the performers have to work with a soppy script 
t used great actors , music and direction to pull of a masterful heart - tugging scene , what dreams may come is haphazard , expecting the emotion to come out of the scene automatically . 
instead , it 's all rather boring 
instead of raising questions about existence , it raises boredom . 
she may look pretty , but she ca n't act . 
sciora 's performance is lazy , and bogs down the whole film . 
sure , the music is pretty ( by michael kamen ) and the cinematography is n't bad ( by eduardo serra ) but there 's something lacking . the script does n't help , filled with hopeless romantic clich ? s , and dud speeches 
the film rushes a happy ending , but everything before this is very , very sad and black , which just adds to make the ending even more hopeless and stupid 
based on a novel by twilight zone writer richard matheson , what dreams may come is clunky , manufactured material doused with a extra load of sugar . this is the worse spielberg film spielberg never made . 
it 's a shame that his character is so flat and 2-d , and offers no room for improvement . 
but despite this , what dreams may come , proves to be nothing but the biggest disappointment of 1998 . 
because while he possesses the stupidness needed to pull off such a role , his performance is too understated and boring . 
the amazing thing is that even in a theater packed with little kids , laughter was something rarely heard - even from the children ! 
well when it comes to this movie being as horrible as it is , williams ca n't take all the blame , but he sure ca n't justify himself with his own simple tag line either . 
as for the rest of the cast , including some bigger names in smaller roles ( beau bridges and shelley duvall ) , nobody is worth watching whatsoever 
while he 's not as annoying as other actors who cater to zany , stupid comedy , he 's just as unlikeable . 
from here on out , we are subjected to one lame gag after another , dealing with snot , laxatives , and flatulence . 
williams , on the other hand , ca n't garner the pity he needs to make us love him in all his anti - glory . 
this is just another example of the fast - food equivalent of cinema : mass - produced , less than mediocre , over priced , and hard to stomach 
almost sounding like a poor james stewart impressionist , williams is awful in his first starring role . 
this is unsatisfactory when so much of the turmoil experienced by the two stem from their buried thoughts and emotions . 
the couple 's relationship develops too hastily , leaving all subtlety effaced and replaced with a blatant show - and - tell approach . 
. sourabaya and its surrounding islands and volcanoes may have their charm , but mean nothing once the film fails to capture the essence of an epic , which is what victory deserves to be . 
poor characterization aside 
the struggle to embrace the arrival of alma into his solitude , however , is lost in mark peploe 's ( director and writer ) diluted version of heyst . without properly establishing the crucial details of heyst 's character , all that is left of conrad 's main character is a very shallow treatment of his internal conflict between detachment and human involvement . 
its absence in the film is unforgivable . 
the delicately inter - woven complexities in the love story are lost to an inadequate production . 
the other characters such as schomberg ( jean yanne ) , the owner of a hotel , and mr jones ( sam neill ) , also fall short of conrad 's meticulous characterization . 
on the one hand , actualizing the subtext is a mammoth task ( though not impossible ) , but on the other hand , dafoe 's flat acting can not be excused as an attempt at stoicism . 
unfortunately , she is let down by a superficial script . 
very few images are left behind for us to savour after the film has ended 
while the novel is largely complex in characterization , the film sadly transposes conrad 's characters into lacklustre leads , the most disappointing being heyst himself . 
the final transformation , while perceptible , lacks the cathartic revelation which is undeniable in conrad 's novel . 
writer mario van peebles delivers a clever script with several unexpected plot twists , but director mario van peebles undermines his own high points with haphazard camera work , editing and pacing . 
it felt as though the film should have been wrapping up at the hour mark , but alas 
at least he 's a bit more captivating than ulrich , who has all the film 's worst dialogue , but does nothing noticeable to enliven his character . 
the supporting cast , which includes every personality you expect to pop up , is also wasted . to be fair , there are a few brief moments of serviceable action . 
but where gooding was once an exciting actor , he now seems dull and endlessly monotonous . 
director hugh johnson has mixed elements from speed , broken arrow and the lethal weapon series to create a lifelessly bland cocktail of a chase movie . 
they speak lines that have been recycled profusely from one movie to the next , divulge important plot details while holding their enemies at gunpoint , and act in very predictable ways . 
these little tidbits of humor are ( mainly ) welcome in this weak , disappointing wreckage of an action film . 
perhaps that 's because we 've already waded through a pool of clich ? s and boring dialogue ; 
and the incessant sputtering of ` oh , sh 
it is apparent that mission to mars will be dying a quick death at the theater . 
during the finale , when we are finally introduced to the translucent , conehead , kitty - faced aliens that we ostensibly sprung from , we are presented with some of the most ridiculously cartoonish cgi ever put to film 
films like 2001 : a space odyssey , the abyss , and close encounters of the third kind are all blatantly stolen from ( and poorly at that ) . 
it is particularly irritating . 
at other times his music is unbearably over - dramatic . 
one sequence involving a daring spacewalk rescue is given a particularly cheesy sting when it is discovered that the grappling hook device used for the rescue wo n't reach its intended target . 
dialogue and character motivations are all lifted directly from countless other science fiction films that have all done it better and with more style ( even independence day , which lifted all of it 's premises from other sci - fi films was better than this film , and i do n't like independence day ) . 
i 'd venture to say it wo n't be worse than this waste of time . 
ennio morricone 's music is usually considered to be some of the best stuff in the projects he works on , but here it is dreadfully overbearing 
scenes like these always bother me when they come out of nowhere in regular films , but in a film as clich ? ridden as this , 
we are apparently supposed to be upset that tim robbins character removes his helmet in deep space and kills himself to save his wife , but i felt extreme boredom coupled with a twinge of disinterest . what makes it all worse is that fact that there is no real reason that robbins ' character needs to turn himself into a popsicle , except to invoke an emotional response ( i could think of at least one way to save him , and the nasa clowns in this film are supposed to be " smarter " than i am ) . 
these are but a couple of the ridiculous examples of product placement scattered throughout the film . clich ? s are also the order of the day with mission to mars . 
graphic gore is in evidence once again , but here it only serves to further highlight the film 's flimsy script and plodding direction . the dialogue , in all manner of speaking , is unspeakable . 
and the geezer ( the actor 's name escapes me ) who plays the town psychiatrist becomes even harder to stomach than mccoll as the film progresses . 
long - time collaborator fabio frizzi , talented but always erratic , offers a patchy soundtrack that veers between eerie , gothic death marches and woefully inappropriate electro - pop that 's quite frankly embarrassing 
long - time collaborator fabio frizzi , talented but always erratic , offers a patchy soundtrack that veers between eerie , gothic death marches and woefully inappropriate electro - pop that 's quite frankly embarrassing 
that scene in itself is a howler 
not bad in the quotable sense , like an ed wood film , but bad in its sheer dullness or blatantly obvious 
the impressive camerawork of sergio salvati and occasionally evocative score by fabio frizzi - keep things from falling totally into the abyss , but by and large city of the living dead is a failure . 
mccoll does n't have a clue who her character is : deadly serious one minute , frivolous the next , she at times is genuinely hard to watch . 
mccoll does n't have a clue who her character is : deadly serious one minute , frivolous the next , she at times is genuinely hard to watch . 
the impressive camerawork of sergio salvati and occasionally evocative score by fabio frizzi - keep things from falling totally into the abyss , but by and large city of the living dead is a failure . and like most cinematic failures , it comes down to bad writing , dumb performances and lousy direction . 
as a director , some of fulci ' idiosyncrasies are incredibly silly and annoying here . he constantly uses extreme close - ups of people 's eyes , a ridiculous technique which suggests an attempt to convey the emotion that his dialogue and actors are n't capable of . 
the beyond , the black cat - but they are nonetheless films with more inspiration , atmosphere and better dialogue than this turkey . 
the parts are so overplayed that with a little push " palmetto " could have been an over - the - top parody of film noir 
here , she could easily be mistaken for melanie griffith . 
nothing can freshen up this stale script . 
but she comes off as a brainless bimbo 
the comet - disaster flick is a disaster alright 
plus , to see a wonderful actor like billy bob thornton is a film like armageddon is a waste of the actor 's talents . 
producer jerry bruckheimer fails with armageddon . 
the action in armageddon are so over the top , nonstop , and too ludicrous for words , i had to sigh and hit my head with my notebook a couple of times 
you+ve got eternity : perhaps you can hang around long enough and learn not to freak her out . and forcing her to write " i still exist " in her diary , imo , is just too tacky . 
the great aforementioned question is sidetracked into gimmicky subplots that have been done before , and just come out stale . 
that said , this alternate reality still makes no possible sense 
_ gag me with a spoon _ 
an awful robin williams schmaltzfest . ) 
the great aforementioned question is sidetracked into gimmicky subplots that have been done before , and just come out stale . 
_ loathe it when it+s story is no longer run by logic , but by special effects . 
the director , vincent ward , and the screenwriter ronald bass , have chosen to tell his life story in flashbacks while having the foreground story focus on his experience with the afterlife . big mistake . 
the same can be said for _ what dreams may come _ , a boring , illogical , weepie - wannabe that left my senses numb 
i don+t like it when the filmmakers deviate from the question . i _ loathe _ it when the filmmakers deviate from the question so that the film becomes a popular rescue film , especially a rescue film which does not take its underlying premise seriously . 
and then she would appear before you , and you two would live in happy bliss for eternity ? because there would be no movie , that+s why . and albert the angel ( played by miscast cuba gooding , jr . ) 
it 's idea of a plot is so lukewarm , that it insults the bigger questions it raises 
most insulting is the subplot where important people in chris+ life appear in heaven differently than he expects , so when they finally show themselves , he realizes they were with him all along . 
this is a sad review to write , because babe 2 not only does _ not _ live up to the original , but it does n't even come to a fraction of it . 
, she 's not funny enough in her physical comedy , and she 's simply embarrassing in some of her pratfalls . 
_ but limited _ . 
but this too is over - used , repeating the same view over and again on multiple occasions . 
i should n't expect that sequels to modern fairy tales to match their predecessors ' magic , but this film tries too hard , and loses its charm 
my problem is with the story , or lack thereof . 
but most of the time , i was looking down , in boredom , or in embarrassment over the hacked - up script . 
i can not explain the deep gnaw at my gut in the many scenes where accidents happen to good people in fantastically elaborate setups . 
season now with the " original " elements , which , as we will find out , are straight from the screenwriting - is - hell bin . 
. sorry . no dice . 
i was hoping for a little smirk during these scenes , but i felt sorry for the embarrassment that she put herself in . 
times it works , but unfortunately we have to shell out hard earned money and suffer through this junk . 
it 's pretty bad when the only entertaining value of the film is cleavage . 
creative jokes like this may seem like a clever idea , but not when they are used to death . a person can only take so much . we do not need to be tortured , especially when you have to pay for it . it 's pretty bad when even tim allen is pitiful . 
speaking of acting , 2 fine talents were wasted as well . 
it just shows you how disgraceful the film really is . 
aside from the impressive looking creatures from industrial light and magic , it 's an embarrassment to the cast , and it 's embarrassing to the science fiction genre . it 's not the least bit fun , nor was it entertaining . 
i do n't even think trekkies will appreciate this weak spoof , because quite frankly it 's just not funny . 
after his last hit ( dogma ) he embarrasses himself by doing this sloppy mess . it 's just a shame to see talented actors and actresses throw their ability away . 
i am getting tired of being suckered into seeing such trash . 
but the storytelling is completely lacking in emotion 
while the visions of hell are laughably crude 
" -esque dialogue are often overshadowed by the artwork , but on thirty foot silver screens , it 's much more difficult to dismiss the shallowness behind the pretty pictures . 
both films make the mistake of adapting for the screen not only the look of their graphic counterparts , but also their monosyllabic dialogue and empty - headed character motivations . 
so many questions are left unanswered , and i 'm sure they wo n't be addressed in the inevitable sequel . 
spawn is an in - your - face , screaming banshee of a film ; these guys know how to graft a comic book onto celluloid , but they have n't the faintest idea how to make a movie . 
the makers of spawn have created something almost as vacuous 
whereas wright does a decent english accent , her talents pretty much end there 
from the outset it 's easy to see why some of the larger , more reputable chains are n't carrying it : the film looks like a straight - to - video release from the early ' 80s that 's been dusted off ( not very carefully ) and re - issued in theatrical format . 
no , we do n't see wright in the tub ( or fahey for that matter ) , and the gore quotient is virtually nil , so for a horror film " the sculptress " is surprisingly lacking . 
that staple of schlocky z - movies jeff fahey ( " the lawnmower man " ) plays a washed - up shakespearean actor lacking in some basic people skills . 
" " yawns ensue . " so dobie rants and raves and sarah chips away at large blocks of granite till way past their bedtimes . 
late in the film , their paths finally cross with mind - numbing results . 
if the big hit signals the future of hong kong style movies that are made for american audiences , then shoot me now . 
there is actually a lot of potential material that could have been explored , but it seems that no effort is made to go in that direction , and instead we are given a not - so - engrossing plot filled with one - liners , silly sight gags , extraneous sub - plots and tomfoolery . 
there is actually a lot of potential material that could have been explored , but it seems that no effort is made to go in that direction , and instead we are given a not - so - engrossing plot filled with one - liners , silly sight gags , extraneous sub - plots and tomfoolery . 
these kinds of movies are marked by an eye - opening sequence that introduces us to the main characters ; a life - and - death plot in which these characters become involved ; the inclusion of a host of inconsequential characters ; ridiculous subplots , and sunglass - wearing henchmen . 
that is not to say that i do n't like hong kong influenced movies ; however , it is quite obvious that these moviemakers have n't a clue that the american filmgoer needs more than hip - hop - talking thugs and stupid sight gags . observe the opening sequence . 
the script was jumbled , the plot was jumbled , and the ending is just laugh out loud hilariosly bad . for those exorcist fans who have n't seen this one , i recommend renting it . 
after the huge success of " the exorcist " in 1973 a sequel was inevitable , and sadly like most horror fims that make money , the filmmakers decided to make a ridiculous sequel , that makes absolutely no sense at all , and to me was extremely pointless , wasting linda blair and max von sydow completely . 
bad , bad , bad movie . 
, she had no need to revive her character , and she is really terrible in this film , she brings it down to a lull , and in places it seems like it just stops in its place , and does n't go anywhere . 
needless , dumb sequel flopped in the box office , and never gained much success though it is voted as one of the worst sequels of all time , to which i agree with . 
needless , dumb sequel flopped in the box office , and never gained much success though it is voted as one of the worst sequels of all time , to which i agree with . 
54 is a very cold , uninvolving movie . 
the chemistry between shane and julie is nonexistent . 
so sketchily drawn that even when they do hook up , it 's no big deal . 
there are several scenes which seemed like a waste of time , the scene with his mother and her friends , which was hilarious , seemed pointless , and the scene with tom selleck in the bar with joan seemed pointless . 
it got a chuckle from the audience , but i was distracted by it , and began to tire of the film . 
finally , even though i am not catholic , i found the scene with the priest to be condescending . 
there are several scenes which seemed like a waste of time , the scene with his mother and her friends , which was hilarious , seemed pointless , and the scene with tom selleck in the bar with joan seemed pointless . 
there are several scenes which seemed like a waste of time , the scene with his mother and her friends , which was hilarious , seemed pointless , and the scene with tom selleck in the bar with joan seemed pointless . 
" this is where the movie , in my opinion falls apart . 
i got sucker punched by the trailer to an extent , however , as i also thought , " wow , if there 's this much funny stuff in the trailer , there must be a ton of laughs in the rest of the film . 
however , after the wedding , the film drags on . 
that i 'd soon encounter and despise batman & robin , which has just overtaken speed 2 as the picture least worthy of your attention this summer . as directed by joel schumacher ( who now specializes in batman sequels and john grisham adaptations and is n't very good at either ) , b & r is 
the plot , which has mr . freeze and poison ivy ( uma thurman ) planning to take over gotham city and then " the vorld " ( as an oddly ineffective schwarzenegger states ) , is weighted down by repetitive asides about the nature of trust , partnership , 
the garish art direction and overlit cinematography make this picture oddly comparable to the trashy showgirls . 
blah , blah , blah . 
but morals are not the point of this film -- topping each bloated , confusing action scene 
one long excuse for a taco bell promotion . 
the character relationships in " hush " hold a certain amount of promise , at least until their psychological impact is blown out of the water by sheer stupidity . idiotic situations 
" call it whatever you want , but certainly do n't see it unless you 're in desperate need of a bad movie - induced chuckle -- " hush " scores 
it 's moderately entertaining junk 
so many unintentional guffaws that it almost qualifies as a guilty pleasure . 
the final scene offers no closure , no resolution , no confrontation whatsoever . it 's just there , dangling amidst silent displeasure . no one should like this ending , regardless of their feelings on the preceding material . 
predictable cliches 
she treats the pedestrian screenplay better than it deserves to be treated , injecting martha ( poorly written though she may be ) with a little empathy to level out the psycho - playing field . 
( martha yells at a nearby horse so it will bolt up and knock helen over ) compliment idiotic dialogue 
the rest of the cast looks ill and uncomfortable , especially paltrow . 
it 's too bad that " hush " is so laughable , because the on - screen talent -- including the pairing of gwyneth paltrow and jessica lange -- is nothing to laugh at . 
she treats the pedestrian screenplay better than it deserves to be treated , injecting martha ( poorly written though she may be ) with a little empathy to level out the psycho - playing field . 
i wo n't spoil what happens next except to say that it 's contradictory , illogical and ( probably , since i 'm no doctor ) medically impossible . 
as a scathing sports spoof , hype is just that : unfunny , unfocused , and , at times , just plain pointless . 
he comes across as absolute overkill . 
the script is n't strong enough , though , to support the aggressive camera work of director reginald hudlin ( house party ) . 
as a commentary on race relations , it 's even * less * effective . 
by explaining the point and trying to make the ridiculous plausible , the film is not giving its viewers enough credit . the inconsistency and uncertain believability unfortunately also raise other questions . 
it 's too bad that the core of the film is n't much better , since it is comprised of sometimes funny , but forgettable dialog . 
the problem is 
it is disappointing , and even worse , distracting . 
booty call just sticks them in to get laughs , and it does n't work . they stick out like sore thumbs because there is almost no reason to use them . 
a very noticeable quality of booty call is the prevalence of unnecessary foul language . 
there are also instances where the screenplay by takashi bufford and bootsie parker ( are those real names ? ) does not live up to its potential , as jokes are left unexploited or even ruined by bad writing 
the script is chock - full of laughable dialogue and unfortunate comedy , as jeanne confronts the uncrowned king charles vii ( john malkovich ) and informs him of her heavenly intentions . 
` the messenger : the story of joan of arc ' is an unlikely and unwelcome historical addition to the hollywood shelf . 
the battle scenes are extremely bloody , but with the presence of such jittery camera work , 
all three actors juggle limited screen time , although malkovich is uncharacteristically awful . 
besson ( who 's previous work includes the hyperactive sci - fi ` the fifth element ' ) perhaps entrusted a bit too much faith in ex - wife jovovich , because in ` the messenger ' , the actress is drowning in a pool of her own inexperience . 
they capture none of the excitement or finesse of something like ` braveheart ' . 
jovivich 's unsatisfying portrayal 
on the shoulders of besson 's choppy and unexciting direction , the film dissipates into an uninspiring hodgepodge of poorly executed battle sequences and bizarre imagery . there is no human exploration into the character of joan ( or jeanne ) . 
as the heavenly messenger accused of being a witch , ` the messenger : the story of joan of arc ' is a disjointed and overblown historical re - enactment that prevails merely as a bloated mistreatment of the famous legend . 
anyone searching for an entertaining epic is going to be painfully slapped with an overblown and confusing film . 
starring milla jovovich , who is predominantly unconvincing 
there 's also the familiar presence of bizarre besson humor , but none of it comes even remotely close to functioning properly . it seems terribly misplaced , but in a catastrophe as jumbled and disjointed as ` the messenger ' , almost everything does . 
jovovich does have a few isolated moments of sheer power , but mainly , she looks lost . 
granted , this is one of the best scenes in the movie , but it does n't make a lot of sense . 
though slow moving , brother does have good elements . 
the consistently repetitive discussion of territory during these moments involuntarily provokes yawning . 
another missed opportunity , considering it is such a big deal for kitano to bring his magic to the united states , is the combination of cultures , which rely too heavily on overused stereotypes . 
the consistently repetitive discussion of territory during these moments involuntarily provokes yawning . 
unfortunately the film does n't give too much of an explanation , assuming its audience is aware of kitano 's earlier work . 
it 's a great moral , with a great cast , just not much substance to back it up . 
another missed opportunity , considering it is such a big deal for kitano to bring his magic to the united states , is the combination of cultures , which rely too heavily on overused stereotypes . 
in it 's defense , the animation , when focusing on being original rather than recycling anime slicing , could at times be original . 
it 's tasteless and despicable . 
it was disgusting and gruesome , which overshadowed the story , what little of it there was . 
it 's an excuse to watch blood dripping from teeth , blood exploding out of eye sockets and horses necks , and most importantly , like all violent anime , it is an excuse to see animated breasts . 
when he speaks , it 's in cliches . heroes like this are bad when they 're live , even worse when animated . 
what is the point of that ? 
maybe i have to understand the genre and look past the obsessive gore and mysogny . 
this much - publicized psycho - sexual tease - a - thon , with its star billing of real - life marrieds tom cruise and nicole kidman , is nothing more than one long ( two - and - a - half hours long ) boring exercise 
what 's the big deal ? 
eyes wide shut " just happens to be kubrick 's bad day , an unerotic , disappointing , and altogether pointless end to an otherwise memorable career . 
it does n't help that the story , as delivered , is ridiculous . 
kubrick , faithless 
lauded as a genius by many , stanley kubrick commands a superlative filmography that includes such critically - acclaimed films as " 2001 : a space odyssey , " " a clockwork orange , " " lolita , " and " dr . strangelove , or : how i learned to stop worrying and love the bomb . " now , sadly , he 's added " eyes wide shut " to that impeccable body of work and his final film is the first and only blot on his near - flawless copybook . 
lauded as a genius by many , stanley kubrick commands a superlative filmography that includes such critically - acclaimed films as " 2001 : a space odyssey , " " a clockwork orange , " " lolita , " and " dr . strangelove , or : how i learned to stop worrying and love the bomb . " now , sadly , he 's added " eyes wide shut " to that impeccable body of work and his final film is the first and only blot on his near - flawless copybook . 
in addition , the director has made some strange casting choices , leaving sydney pollack in and leaving accomplished performers harvey keitel and jennifer jason leigh out . 
even geniuses have their bad days . 
then again , " excess baggage " becomes so weak in so many areas that the personality transplant is not a complete surprise . a supporting cast attempts to do what they can with colorful but empty secondary roles , but the movie is n't game enough to use them all and 
but once it 's past its set - up , the situation suddenly becomes uninvolving as the story tries to be too many things at once . 
of course a romance develops between the two leads , but it all seems forced , and thus characterization is manipulated to cause the finally happy outcome . 
" excess baggage " has too many characters , too much plot and juggles with one arm behind its back and a remaining shaky hand . 
therefore seems overcrowded . 
now , she 's the star and producer of " excess baggage , " a hopelessly phony film that demonstrates how an ill - composed story can drag an otherwise solid performer down to its level . 
you name the cliche and " excess baggage " likely covers its territory . 
therefore we the audience get loving close - ups of the most unrealistic , rubbery bat puppets ever committed to film 
this film reaches a level that transcends the " so bad it 's good " level and borders on the downright insane . the effects are awful , the script is contrived , and for most of the feature i was laughing at things that were supposed to be taken seriously ( i think ) . 
if the plot does n't sound ridiculous to you yet , then check out these little tidbits : a multitude of bats inexplicably disperses when a police officer cocks his pistol . 
do n't say you have n't been warned . 
the most laughable part of the movie though comes from the ill - conceived bat puppets . 
dina meyer stars as the " bat specialist " sheila , who is pulled from her research ( along with her annoying sidekick , played with irritating deftness by leon ) in order to help a small texas town figure out why some local citizens and animals have been chewed to death recently . 
if the plot does n't sound ridiculous to you yet , then check out these little tidbits : a multitude of bats inexplicably disperses when a police officer cocks his pistol . 
trust me when i say that it 's a lot more fun to trash than it is to sit through . 
the only bad performance in the film is that of leon 's . 
it 's stone that is a disappointment among the actors . 
how can she be the epitome of a femme fatale in previous films and come off as a blank in this one ? 
that is if you can put up with stone 's cardboard cut - out character and scenes directly lifted from hitch 's movies . 
straight out of hitchcock ( as in ` homage to ' [ read " steal from " ] ) , it turns out that someone saw them or he 's not dead or maybe . . . 
costumed in skin - tight clothes and looking down her nose at everyone , she is someone you would want to avoid because she is boring , not enticingly dangerous . 
i wonder how she can be so inconsistent . 
in a comedy of errors and unexpected twists 
" in a perfect world , i never would have seen this movie . the biggest flaw is that 20 minutes into this film , kay chandler ( kristin scott thomas ) and dutch van den broeck ( harrison ford ) are the only two major characters alive ; resulting in little doubt that they will end up together at some point during the laborious two - hours - and - then - some production . 
two sub plots are of little help to the already problematic film . 
these sub plots could have made for semi - interesting points , but the film seems afraid to explore politics or mother - daughter relations in depth , and consequently suffers . random hearts ' two primary characters seem to live in shells . 
other than its weak plot , it is hard to criticize random hearts . 
had the film taken some small risks and more fully explored its extra characters and plots it may have tasted more like a well frosted cake , rather than the dry one that equates to be . 
the rest of the film is the pointless , unrealistic and often - times boring story of their researching the sexual relationship that they were blind to , and getting to know each other in the process . 
the final scenes , which could have redeemed the film , are poorly handled by director bruce beresford - whose previous work centers highly around drama ( driving miss daisy , paradise road ) . 
unfortunately , jones lacks some of the edge that he had as sam gerard in the fugitive , and the real depth of his character is only skin deep . 
but seriously , the inane screenplay by douglas 
ironically , it is those elements - like the driving force of libby to reunite with her son - that do n't quite work here . 
it 's nicely shot and choreographed in downtown vancouver , and will entertain those who are n't turned off by the woeful story - line . 
a predictable and unexciting thriller with an idiotic script . 
it is disappointing , because there are the makings of a competent action film here . 
most , unfortunately , will be too distracted by the moronic plot to appreciate the few positive aspects of the production . 
the movie degenerates into a cross - country chase , where everything you expect to happen . . . 
while emotionally unconvincing , the actress is tremendously fun in her juvenile role , perking up the movie like an injection of anti - depressant . 
malicious certainly is n't the worst thriller of its kind out in the video racks ( a number of really fat turkies in this genre are out there ) , but it is n't all that good or original either . feel free to treat this film maliciously , watch something else . 
she delivers the line so ridiculously that one ca n't help but laugh 
it starts to drag , unfortunately , after this . 
comments : malicious , i suppose , is an acceptable moview for what it is : a cheap , b - movie thriller which rips off dozens and dozens of spurned - psycho - lover - who - wants - revenge films 
john vernon does a remarkably good job at playing the not - so - bright baseball jock who initially gets swept away by melissa ( one of the script 's faults is to try to pass off a character like this as a pre - med student ) . 
i wo n't reveal the ludicrous ending to this turkey , but i warn you that it 's both painfully obvious and a real yawner 
i wo n't reveal the ludicrous ending to this turkey , but i warn you that it 's both painfully obvious and a real yawner 
message in a bottle has a decent enough cast but they 're fighting the material all the way , and losing badly . 
there 's a truly lame subplot about garret 's relationship with his dead wife 's family ( he gets into a bar fight with her brother , played by john savage ) and then the necessary tear - jerking ending . 
the dialogue is rarely better than laughable and this is only accentuated by the excessively long pauses every character takes while speaking . 
message in a bottle is one slow moving film . 
message in a bottle is easily the worst of the several romantic offerings available in theaters at the moment and vies with what dreams may come ( 1998 ) as one of the most misguided romances of the decade . 
there simply is n't an original scene in this film . the dialogue is rarely better than laughable and this is only accentuated by the excessively long pauses every character takes while speaking . 
old pro newman gives his all and occasionally threatens to kick some life into this dead horse of a film . 
the real offender here is screenwriter 
the actual death sequence is one of the most ridiculously forced , and unintentionally humorous , sequences filmed since . 
message in a bottle is easily the worst of the several romantic offerings available in theaters at the moment and vies with what dreams may come ( 1998 ) as one of the most misguided romances of the decade . 
the reliable douglas is particularly wasted . 
working from a best- selling novel by nicholas sparks ( which i have not read but have been told is on the same literary level as the bridges of madison county ) , di pego creates one of the most uninspired scripts of recent times . 
costner and , especially , wright - penn are both likable and attractive enough to cheer for but their characters are simply too boring . they also fail to generate any kind of real romantic chemistry . 
her frenzy is apparent . for a chick flick , there is a distressing lack of chuckles . 
the predictable , melodramatic filth that is ` hanging up ' is certainly not the fault of these actresses . 
is exasperating , shapeless dreck teeming with emotional fakery . 
this is an annoying and ineffective device . 
the reliable matthau is reduced to chaotic shtick that , given his character 's situation , seems more depressing than amusing . 
my curiosity has suddenly been tweaked to discover how such a promising and star - studded approach could turn so viciously sour . 
but they only help to establish that the remainder of the strained emotions are nothing but inferior dramatic muck . 
pin it on the screenplay , which attempts to clear up vital issues in three or four minutes , while spending the rest of the running time in an annoying flurry of phone conversations . it 's certainly a far cry from what one would label as a rewarding experience , but ` hanging up ' should have at least been enjoyable . 
her frenzy is apparent . for a chick flick , there is a distressing lack of chuckles . 
kudrow , so delightfully eccentric as the off - kilter airhead phoebe in ` friends ' , is totally wasted . 
both commendable actors , looked aloof and miss - directed throughout the entire film . the scripting and acting barely pulls the film out of the b - grade category . 
even so , this film is no - where near his cult classics such as videodrome or scanners . 
existenz is too predictable and cliched in these times . 
it is a poor follow - up . 
but the script by jim herzfeld and john hamburg is a little too contrived . too many coincidences in the story work against greg . 
certainly the last part of the film feels awkwardly written . 
but this is a comedy that works only occasionally for me . 
in fact , it is n't funny at all . 
i would advise everyone to avoid it , but if teenagers go they should be older and mature . 
not only is n't funny , it 's trite . 
stein has taken the black comedy of a teen movie like heathers and stripped it of any intelligence , wit or charm . his actresses toss off their lines so fast that they do n't have time to add any emotion . 
the princess di reference is in bad taste , as is much of the movie . 
these realistic and disgusting scenes of a dead , seminude teen have a pornographic feeling that is hard to forget and will likely turn the stomach of many a viewer . 
the teachers fare no better , especially in the ridiculous lines they are given . 
even the devil himself is unable to produce a decent scare in this festival of the inept . 
dead apocalyptic thriller bludgeons its audience with overwrought music , grisly violence , explosions galore and lots of cheesy special effects . 
every time i think those coked - up little buggers have hit rock bottom ; they come up with a new excavating tool . 
the result ? nothing but groans and yawns . 
marlowe 's screenplay ladles implausibility upon implausibility , from the preposterous otherworldly histrionics to his handling of jericho cane , schwarzenegger 's character . 
might have been tolerable , but " end of days " is simply a flaccid special effects show . 
speaking of cameras , director peter hyams is just the man to take marlowe 's script and make it even more self - important , murky and annoying . 
it 's just lousy . 
it 's full of bad dialogue , scenes and concepts that make no sense and -- get this -- 
the mod squad is a mind - numbing marketing plot of a film , and teens will jump all over it . 
a drug - op action plot is no longer anything new , not even with teenage action heroes , and the way it 's executed here , it 's also nowhere near exciting or suspenseful 
ribisi 's dumbass 20 year old is played exclusively for laughs ; epps ' slightly more intelligent one is used to create various chase scenes . 
although ribisi is a trite actor and his characters repeat movie after movie , his man here is really rather amusing , when the script gives him a chance . 
but the rest of the film is dull , boring and singularly uninteresting . 
claire danes ' character has potential , but it is buried under heaps of cliches and her performance is too restrained . 
but i do have a big problem with remakes that are blatantly bad . 
nothing is remotely intriguing or worth paying for . 
given the immensely confusing activity , it 's hard to tell . 
on the other hand , what 's easy to see is that " wing commander " is a big old mess . the lame dialogue strains , filled with such original lines as " do n't you die on me ! " , " battle stations ! " 
" action sequences fizzle . the character conflict garners unintentional giggles . 
" super mario bros . , " " street fighter " and " mortal kombat " were silly stinkers all , and now the empty , execrable " wing commander " joins their lowly ranks . enduring this spectacularly bad bit of sci - fi , easily the worst of its kind , is like watching someone futz around with a video game for 100 minutes - that is to say , there 's little fun to be had when you 're not the one holding the joystick . 
" wing commander " 's story , credited to roberts and screenwriter kevin droney , is clueless chaos melding incoherent narrative and unoriginal ideas . it rips off the finest films of its genre , top gun and , in one scene , even those spiffy " stereoscopic freeze " gap commercials . set in 2654 , " wing commander " stars freddie prinze jr . 
" super mario bros . , " " street fighter " and " mortal kombat " were silly stinkers all , and now the empty , execrable " wing commander " joins their lowly ranks . enduring this spectacularly bad bit of sci - fi , easily the worst of its kind , is like watching someone futz around with a video game for 100 minutes - that is to say , there 's little fun to be had when you 're not the one holding the joystick . 
many a member exited after the much - ballyhooed sneak peek . since most cineplexes wo n't be granting refunds to the latter contingency , " commander " might rake in some dough , but be warned : the high wears off as soon as the coming attraction gives way to the feature presentation . 
how an interactive brainchild so revered could end up such a cinematic pile of junk under the helm of the same guy is a head - scratcher . 
the film 's falling action is weirdly unsatisfying and unlikely ; are we really meant to believe any of this could happen ? 
the gen - y actress , with her cold stare and big , black eyes , has appeared in an impressive range of films ; but she does n't even come close to being the bold heroine the film , set against the historical backdrop of world war 2 , requires her to be . 
the almost constant lack of flow and one - note tone with which potter depicts the man who cried are somewhat improved upon by sacha vierny 's beautiful cinematography that renders the film 's various locations wonderfully . 
the time period 's instability , the conflicting social classes , the prejudice against suzie from all those around her in her new life : serving as both writer and director , potter throws in some of each , but hardly an inch of depth is to be found in any . 
with a fervor and life that makes you want her to hold the screen as the film 's lead rather than her dull companion . 
the film 's main problem is that potter is n't skilled enough to tell the epic - sized story of suzie . 
there are forced messages here and there 
ricci , whose character is shockingly silent and blank , showing only the occasional smile or hint of concern , shares most of her scenes with the astounding cate blanchett : quite an amusing sight to behold . 
just when you thought the pointless sequel had gone the way of franchise films and direct - to - video releases , into port slams speed 2 : cruise control , the gloriously godawful follow - up to the 1994 sleeper about a bus rigged to explode if it slowed below a certain speed . 
( ! ! ! ) . 
it 's just the rest of the movie-- the other hundred or so minutes-- that 's pure nonsense . 
worse , he 's spent a hundred mil on a premise that does n't even live up to its title ! 
( ! ! ) who also knows how to sign 
he also produced this mess , which is insulting even by the most lax summer standards . 
( ! ) who has a crush on the hero 
if you want dreamworks to be associated with some kind of artistic credibility , then either give all concerned in mouse hunt a swift kick up the arse or hire yourself some decent writers and directors . 
this diabolical load of claptrap from steven speilberg 's dreamworks studio is hollywood family fare at its deadly worst . 
mouse hunt takes the bare threads of a plot and tries to prop it up with overacting and flat - out stupid slapstick that makes comedies like jingle all the way look decent by comparison . 
this is home alone all over again , and ten times worse . 
whatever promise the film starts with soon deteriorates into boring dialogue , terrible overacting , and increasingly uninspired slapstick that becomes all sound and fury , signifying nothing . the script becomes so unspeakably bad that the best line poor lee evens can utter after another run in with the rodent is : 
it 's a magical little moment in an otherwise soulless film . 
this diabolical load of claptrap from steven speilberg 's dreamworks studio is hollywood family fare at its deadly worst . 
this kind of rubbish will just not do at all . 
writer adam rifkin and director gore verbinski are the names chiefly responsible for this swill . 
no , the ? mini major ' was afraid we 'd let a bigger cat out of the bag than whodunit , that scream 3 is a dismal conclusion to the beloved ( by this writer , at least ) franchise . 
what 's missing from this sequence , and indeed scream 3 's remaining frights ( most disappointingly , the moment when an ingenue is forced to hide in a wardrobe room filled with ghostface costumes , one of which might spring to life ) , is an elaborate and attenuated payoff . 
finally , marco beltrami 's music cues the suspense too blatantly 
the visuals are much weaker in part three , as well - the occasional sweeping gesture of peter deming 's camera is a pale imitation of the stalking steadicam craven gave us twice before . 
how else to explain the jay and silent bob cameo ( the slacker duo of kevin smith movies ) , akin to seeing mickey mouse pop up in mulan and more distracting than funny . 
iii - woefully out of synch with its prequels , scream 3 is a nightmare instead of nightmarish , and will likely put the horror genre back in mothballs . 
with scream 3 , the novelty of ghostface 's ever - mutating identity has worn off some , but the character remains conceptually potent . 
iii - woefully out of synch with its prequels , scream 3 is a nightmare instead of nightmarish , and will likely put the horror genre back in mothballs . 
iii - woefully out of synch with its prequels , scream 3 is a nightmare instead of nightmarish , and will likely put the horror genre back in mothballs . 
the visuals are much weaker in part three , as well - the occasional sweeping gesture of peter deming 's camera is a pale imitation of the stalking steadicam craven gave us twice before . 
they act as the crescendos of an incessantly nerve - jangling score . 
something smells rotten in the state of california right from the get - go 
craven 's direction of scream 3 is lazy in most respects . 
it pains me to write this , but scream 3 's comedy is generally laughless , with the exception of well - timed performances by josh pais ( as a police detective possessed of the same personality he had as a persnickety teacher in craven 's music of the heart ) , jamie kennedy ( resurrecting film geek randy for the sendoff he was denied in scream 2 ) , and parker posey ( through sheer force of will as a b - actress ) . 
all the other story tangents are as frazzled as a cokehead trying to solve a rubick 's cube . 
but despite this setting , these details and a soundtrack that includes some 40-plus irresistible hits from the early days of the me decade , something is inherently wrong with " 200 cigarettes . 
game performances - especially by love , rudd and plimpton - are almost shot down by the bizarrely colorful parts and a constantly roving focus , here a combination that mostly sputters when it should crackle . too many sidetracks rate as uninteresting and have little payoff until a lengthy final montage where we find out many of the performers served as one night stands for each other . if this is " 200 cigarettes , " then get me 200 nicotine patches . 
game performances - especially by love , rudd and plimpton - are almost shot down by the bizarrely colorful parts and a constantly roving focus , here a combination that mostly sputters when it should crackle . too many sidetracks rate as uninteresting and have little payoff until a lengthy final montage where we find out many of the performers served as one night stands for each other . if this is " 200 cigarettes , " then get me 200 nicotine patches . 
" a better title for this nostalgic mess would be " 50 missed opportunities . 
infamously acerbic comedienne janeane garofalo is wasted in what amounts to a several - scene cameo . 
perhaps the question is this : what drew these and other immensely talented actors to such a dreary project ? 
the relationships between the main characters are tenuous and their motivations are meaningless except as excuse to set - up the next death . 
features some of the dumbest dialogue i have witnessed . if you are looking for a saturday night thriller to scare your date , this film might do the trick . 
the relationships between the main characters are tenuous and their motivations are meaningless except as excuse to set - up the next death . 
unfortunately , this film also suffers from the worst characteristics of this genre . 
unfortunately , this is practically the only clever thing about the film . as far as teen horror flicks go , final destination is better than many . 
( i actually liked potter 's performance , even if she is wasted ) . 
and in the last scene , the big , obligatory courtroom scene that forced my lunch halfway up my esophagus , patch does a lot of shouting . 
that 's why patch adams is not real drama . it goes for every cheap tear imaginable , wringing tired and overbearing sentimentality out of every scene . 
even scenes that have very little impact on the overall film are drowning in marc shaiman 's sickening musical score . 
i hate every element of the film , beginning with tom shadyac 's shameless direction , and all the way up to the misguided and mishandled themes that the screenplay wants so desperately to convey . 
, the music is very very sad . but the problem with all of this is that the music should not be the center of the emotions . 
and then there 's the free clinic issue , which i find shockingly , frighteningly idealistic . 
the film does give some token attempts to question patch 's motives ( i think another character asks him how he 's going to pay for it , in addition to a little bit of meaningless blather about hmos and medical insurance ) , but they certainly do n't explore or challenge patch 's ideas to any meaningful extent . 
you see , patch adams revolted me beyond all boundaries . 
a performance of such insulting pathos and sledgehammer sympathy that i wonder now if he is even human . 
and that , my friends , is the synopsis for what is easily the most abhorrent picture of 1998 . 
but the film fails fundamentally in execution . 
i was moved in such a profoundly negative way that i was reminded of how cheap and phony a cinematic experience can be . 
but regardless of what the real patch adams believes , the themes put forth in this film are simplistic and phony . 
the badness of patch adams is stupefying . it 's confounding . i ca n't believe a film can be this bad . 
patch adams is the cheapest of them all . 
i hate every element of the film , beginning with tom shadyac 's shameless direction , and all the way up to the misguided and mishandled themes that the screenplay wants so desperately to convey . 
i hated this movie for every second that i sat watching it , and i actively hate it now , days later , with the simpering , superficial , nauseatingly sentimental images forever plaguing my memories . 
sentimentality like this is indeed bad . but it 's not as bad as half - baked , simplistic themes . 
i hate every element of the film , beginning with tom shadyac 's shameless direction , and all the way up to the misguided and mishandled themes that the screenplay wants so desperately to convey . 
the spiritless script as though waving a flag of surrender and screaming , " do n't blame me , i just work here . 
eddie is n't just a bad movie with a formulaic premise . it 's a movie that makes you feel cheated and offended , because someone came up with a poster and a marketing plan to which they had to attach an actual movie , and you had the nerve to believe it was going to be a comedy . 
eddie was cast under the misguided premise that it 's easier to make basketball players look like actors than it is to make actors look like basketball players . 
eddie is one of those phenomenally lazy films that infuriates me more than any other kind . 
eddie just sits there , hawking up a formula story without any laughs , and makes every possible bad decision when a decision is required . 
it 's difficult to decide whether eddie is so bad because it was so shamelessly lacking in imagination or because it ca n't even get the cliches in a cliche - ridden genre script right . 
that leaves her to do her street - wise miss thang routine , but with no character , no sharp lines and no help . 
perhaps that all did n't matter to anyone because there are so few punch lines , and because the whole film is one big casting gimmick . 
this finds nba players like greg ostertag , dwayne schintzius , rick fox and malik sealy delivering punch lines as though they were reading them for the first time off a bazooka wrapper 
suffice it to say i was truly disappointed in fincher , 
but it could n't be more bizarre and unappealing 
but with fight club , he has allowed his unique talent for extraordinary vision to be distorted by silly digital experiments and self - referencing film elements , such as talking to the audience about what they are seeing , telling them that the little blips in the right hand corner are signifiers that the projectionist is changing reels and that a slightly altered recurring line is good ? 
now , throughout the film 's coarsely woven texture and over - extended plot lines , fight club is obviously trying to make various social comments about the state of the world today . 
fight club is either garbage or brilliant , but , at least right now , i must lean toward the former . 
the film seems desperate to make a point , or a number of points , but i could n't figure out what they were . 
schwarzenegger is awful , i mean really , really bad . . . 
he 's almost pushed to being a bit player . 
he talks all to often in this movie . 
yet his bright neon , campy style is just killing anything this series meant to me . 
there is virtually no fun in this film at all . i could n't have cared less . 
the best word to describe this film is " asinine . " the target audience would appear to be recent nursery school graduates if not for the numerous sexual innuendoes , which are aimed at someone going through puberty . 
the only way krippendorf 's tribe works is if you assume that all of the characters ( not to mention the viewers ) are dumber than dirt . 
unfortunately , it 's impossible to like or sympathize with a bunch of putzes like this . 
if there 's any upside , it 's that i do n't see much box - office support developing for this lame , ill - marketed miscue . 
this quality , while fine for a 22-minute television program , quickly becomes irritating in the arena of a feature - length movie . 
, how easily the public can be fooled into jumping on the bandwagon of the latest trend ) come across as feeble and derivative . the acting in underwhelming . 
director todd holland completely fails to develop any character into something more substantial than a device to implement various dubious gags . 
i know that a movie 's in trouble when it 's half the length of titanic , but seems much longer . 
instead , the writing / directing team of harry elfont and deborah kaplan manages to take every clich ? found in the teenage genre , strip it completely of perception , intelligence and wit - and turn it into one of the most nauseating cinematic experiences i have ever been subjected to . 
i could n't stand any of those characters . 
apparently , ca n't hardly wait is supposed to be a comedy , but it tends to fail in this respect because of the fact that it 's not funny 
unlike phillipe , mcquarrie does n't seem to be growing at all ; he fills his flick with a sprawling labyrinth of plot all snatched from movies i know i 've seen before and worse , it feels like it . 
thus , nearly every character in way comes with at least one dirty little secret ( most amateurishly projected before they appear ) and it too has an ironic little twist at the end ( nothing earth shattering , like in the usual suspects ) but i admit , i did n't see it coming , and i smiled . 
even the good stuff , most of which involves james caan ( doing a fine job ) , feels odd and out of place in a movie that thinks lines like " karma is only justice with out the satisfaction " are clever . 
however most of the movie feels exactly like the interrogation scenes between palminteri and spacey in usual suspects : a lot of faux huffing and puffing with no rhythm or reason . or substance . it 's just as overplotted as suspects , and often dull as any overplotted movie without interesting characters , a distinctive style , or a good script would be . 
even attempts at emotional weight feel strained like in preposterous scene where enemies james caan and benicio del torro stop in their tracks to have a cup of coffee and pontificate on life , philosophy , etc . 
i 've seen porno with better dialogue . 
he seems wasted ; he 's only kept around for his cold presence . 
speaking of pitt , his ex , juliette lewis , is a weak link , either shouting her lines with ear shattering shrillness , or waddling about like a silly goose . 
s , all of which are spewed before us in a picture that tries so desperately to be hip and gritty without bothering to notice how common it is 
as for the plot , well , that 's one of the bad surprises ; phillippe and the great benicio del torro play two moronic ( and not even remotely likeable ) criminals ( introduced to us in the parking lot of a rave where they stupidly pick a fight with about twenty people ) who hatch a scheme to kidnap a surrogate mother ( juliette lewis ) after overhearing that she 's carrying the baby of painter ( scott wilson ) , a very well connected wealthy man . 
for the most part way is incessantly talky with no reason to give a hippo 's ass about any thing that transpires since its characters are never more than simplistic pawns . 
it 's just as overplotted as suspects , and often dull as any overplotted movie without interesting characters , a distinctive style , or a good script would be . 
directed by christopher mcquarrie , the screenwriter who won an oscar for his work on usual suspects , an overrated piece of crime noir in many circles ( this one included ) , way of the gun is a hodgepodge of crime thriller motifs that just oozes eye rolling familiarity . 
the scene is so hokey it could very nearly be construed as a parody of hackneyed tv movie blow - ups 
when critics attack seemingly well - intentioned films like patch adams or more recently pay it forward as i am about to do , their opinions are often greeted with a backlash of angry e - mails , sometimes even mock death threats from those who ( i suppose ) like to be shamelessly manipulated by their entertainment . 
pay it forward has odd ideas about tone ; at certain points it hurls a smattering of unnecessary cynicism at us as if that would be the appropriate antidote to the unrelenting sappiness at its core 
these scenes feel as if they belong in a dopey comedy with feel good aspirations rather than the irritatingly saccharine drama that you 'll find yourself trapped in 
while the filmmakers have stressed in interviews that they actually hope this is a film that could make the world a better place , to me the final product has the oily feel of a cynical politician contemptuously reciting cookie fortune slogans to a hopeful audience 
; it 's all very theatrical , especially hunt 's performance , which feels like a pathetic plea to the academy for another oscar . 
the usually talented helen hunt is the worst offender . 
so the picture adds grit ( a child molester propositions trevor , a homeless man returns to heroin after being " saved " , a character is knifed while doing a good deed , etc ) though 
similarly while pay it forward may have its heart in the right place ( though i even doubt that , stay tuned , an explanation is forthcoming ) , it 's still an unpleasantly maudlin mess . 
it 's just horribly confused . 
has the dubious distinction of being a film that could be used as an argument for why actors should n't get academy awards . 
nevertheless this little nudnik goes out of his way to bring the pair together in a scene that recalls parent trap - ish cornball antics . 
maybe the actor should get an award for coming off the least self consciously irritating ; though how can he not , even when he 's emoting spacey seems somehow shielded by a wry indifference . 
the film was full of inspirational speeches where people really said nothing , though the sappy score swelled up to make it appear as if they were being profoundly touching . 
deep impact has more in common with pay it forward ; it 's a movie that treats earth 's impending destruction in awfully simplistic terms , completely ignoring the havoc that would so obviously take place if the world believed its planet would be a goner within days . 
these scenes feel as if they belong in a dopey comedy with feel good aspirations rather than the irritatingly saccharine drama that you 'll find yourself trapped in should you not heed my warnings . 
it seems shallow , incorporated into the proceedings because the film itself is n't quite sure if it 's ready to buy into its own utopian blather . 
of course , in the interest of saving your souls , i do n't recommend it . 
it succeeds as being horrible . terrible . gut - wrenchingly bad . i wanted to run away from that movie every minute . 
unfortunately , after that torture , they ca n't think straight , do n't pay attention to the road , and many are in ugly car wrecks . 
this is bad beyond belief . 
do n't go anywhere near it . 
here we meet the group of horrendously bad actors and actresses playing obnoxious , easy - to- * despise * -with - a - passion characters that have love triangles , love rectangles , and love hexagons screwing up their life . 
after an hour of making the audience scream in agony , they start fighting bugs . 
except for the ridiculously gratuitous blood and gore , and pointless nudity . 
okay , how about with this : starship troopers is one of the worst movies to hit theaters in a long time . in fact , it might even be the worst * major * release film to come out in years . . . 
so that adds up to about 30 seconds of entertainment and still about one hour , 59 minutes , and 30 seconds of miserable torture . 
please , avoid this . 
the fights are boring since we * want * all of the characters dead anyway . 
as far as plots go , it 's a pretty thin and tired one . to fill the gaps , the wedding singer delivers heaping spoonfuls of 1980s nostalgia . 
when he 's in full nice - guy mode , he 's more pathetic than endearing . 
unfortunately , that also has the effect of softening his edge . 
buscemi 's role as a drunken best man simply fails to be humorous . 
while the nonstop 80s riffs get incredibly tiring , at least they distract you from the plot . 
he 's certainly not helped here by a rather frail plot . 
most of the dialogue is ad - libbed , and still manages to sound like a poor b - movie . 
apart from the final minutes , the film is mind boggingly unscary , and the shouting matches get hideously dull . 
however , like the golden child , although blair witch has made a lot of money , it 's not very good . 
the blair witch project , in the end , just fails to deliver . 
however , because the actors are so irritating , the scares are lost when it eventually reverts back to heather saying ' what the f * ck is that ? ' 
there are breaks in these arguments where some creepy events occur , but then it 's back to the shouting and swearing , which gets very tiresome very quickly . 
the biggest mistake the film makes is to let three mediocre actors the chance to improvise . 
it 's not executed well enough to be a fun , scary cinema experience . 
although an interesting premise , the blair witch project amounts to nothing more than a missed opportunity . 
the ' script ' eventually degenerates into shouting matches , with the f - word included a lot to sound like students . 
there 's also the niggling fact that these student filmmakers do some really stupid things . 
both characters are protagonists , but it 's hard to get behind them when their personalities are all over the place , and in some cases , simply unappealing 
what results is a film that looks good , but like that one scene , just is n't right . 
instead , when conclusions are drawn , they are such tremendous leaps of faith that you wonder if successful investigations are not based on facts , but lucky guesses instead . 
they overact in most of their scenes . an even worse offender is clarence williams iii as the general 's aide , colonel fowler . 
we get the distraction of one of theme followed by another , just because the director thought he should show off some of the countryside . 
a couple of side characters including a west point psychologist ( john beasly ) and a young female private ( ariyan a . johnson ) make their scenes nearly impossible to bear . 
utters some of the corniest " yes , sir " s i 've ever heard 
they overact in most of their scenes . an even worse offender is clarence williams iii as the general 's aide , colonel fowler . 
the movie version has got characters which come and go with little or nothing to do except fill up space , or provide bits of information which seem to neither mean anything in terms of advancing the story nor reveal any significance once the whole story is finished . 
the above examples also serve to illustrate that inconsistency is another problem with this movie . 
it does not help matters that the plot is virtually actionless , dragging it 's heels all the way at a mind - numbing snails pace . 
there are many scenes such as this in the general 's daughter , in which the veteran cast performs splendidly under pressure , but the circumstances that tie these meetings together are difficult to absorb . 
one of the problems with the execution is that it 's very predictable . 
i do n't appreciate it when a thriller manipulates the viewer into thinking the plot is interesting , when in fact it 's ludicrous . 
but at this juncture in the story , the movie begins to fall apart like a crumbling cookie . 
the performances range from commanding ( travolta ) to electric ( woods ) to stiff - as - a - board 
a predictable and unexciting mess . 
director simon west ( con air ) , shows a watchful eye of delivering a stylish looking thriller , but he fails miserably when it comes to the intellectual part of it . 
the secrets behind the girl 's mysterious death are explained gradually , but by the resolution we have tunneled through so much malarkey that it feels unnecessary and surprisingly silly . 
this predictable summer thriller is only sporadically involving , and that is unfortunately not enough to compensate for all of it 's detailed flaws . 
here 's a movie where every joke that is executed as it is set up , where you see every punchline coming , where every spot profanity could be used and then is used . at least the film is honest , and makes no mistake that it is anything more than idiotic . 
the jokes are juvenile , crude , appealing to the worst elements in people . 
here 's a movie where every joke that is executed as it is set up , where you see every punchline coming , where every spot profanity could be used and then is used . at least the film is honest , and makes no mistake that it is anything more than idiotic . 
none of the characters are sympathetic . they 're all selfish jerks who do n't care who they hurt in their attempts to do whatever they want . 
the critic in me analyzes the structure , plot , acting , characters . . . and tells me this movie is terrible . 
there is no sense of comic timing or subtlety . the director just throws the material at us , giving us nothing except the hope that anyone with a camera could be a film director . 
but the material he is working with here , much of it his own , falls short of anything resembling comic genius . 
the direction also helps the film achieve a new low point in cinematic humor . 
( action - verb + blah blah blah ) . 
the film builds up from nothing and becomes nothing as it 's climax 
the supporting cast of salma hayek , breckin meyer , and neve cambell are their only there to give added subplots which are introduced but lead absolutely nowhere . 
the film never leads to anything , has no obserable point , and covers up a lack of real plot with a veil of beautiful people . 
the romance between phillippe and cambell , as a soap opera star , is completely implausable . 
the subplots seemed forced and seem like they have been added just to make sure the film was over an hour and a half long . 
( is n't that an apt word for studio 54 ) lands with a thud . 
hayek 's wanna - be singer seems extremely forced and her husband , greg ( meyer ) stands in as shane o'shae 's surrogate best friend . 
the offensive caricatures of mental patients lack the depth that the similar portrayals in one flew over the cuckoo 's nest had . 
perhaps what irritates me most about instinct is the half - hearted attempt at philosophical depth . 
perhaps what irritates me most about instinct is the half - hearted attempt at philosophical depth . 
turtletaub and di pego are both guilty of instinct 's artistic failure , for they work together to make the dumbest , most cliche - ridden environment in which their characters are to live , and they do so by means of brainless subplots . 
unfortunately , filmmaking this inept can mangle the effect of even the best acting . 
even beside the tarzan comparison , instinct just is n't a very good film . it 's painfully idealistic , manipulative , and silly . 
if some of this stuff sounds familiar , that 's because they 're all devices that have been used and reused in countless other films . 
turtletaub and di pego are both guilty of instinct 's artistic failure , for they work together to make the dumbest , most cliche - ridden environment in which their characters are to live , and they do so by means of brainless subplots . 
this is the kind of stupid movie -- just like patch adams -- in which a big group of characters ( psychotic inmates , in this case ) rise against the evil forces oppressing them by tearing up playing cards . 
while watching instinct , i could n't help but acknowledge the way the film carelessly rehashes the well - explored themes of those earlier movies . 
ashton 's evil prison guard pales in comparison to clancy brown 's in the shawshank redemption . 
one of the film 's most embarrassing moments is when paxton 's band of african trackers first encounter and pursue the larger - than - life primate ( in a scene unashamedly ripped off from " the lost world : jurassic park " ) . 
and these , unfortunately , run hot and cold . 
s not uttered in this unnecessary remake of an unnecessary remake of that mother of all monster movies , " king kong . 
one of the film 's most embarrassing moments is when paxton 's band of african trackers first encounter and pursue the larger - than - life primate ( in a scene unashamedly ripped off from " the lost world : jurassic park " ) . 
" --there 's also some surprising cheesiness . 
the film piles on the clich ? s like there 's no tomorrow , including the predictable plot 
an attempt at florida film noir , palmetto fails at the most fundamental levels . it 's slow moving , uninvolving , and plain just uninteresting . 
some of the supporting cast ( notably gina gershon and michael rapaport ) give stronger , but , in the end , meaningless performances . and to top it off , the pacing of the film is much too slow . 
woody harrelson plays harry with such imbecilic thick - headedness that it 's hard to even picture him as an ex - journalist . 
sure , the right ingredients are there , but the end result is much too artificial . a lot of the problems lie with the script , which , though providing some genuine surprises , is packed full of leaden dialogue and bland situations . 
chloe sevigny gives a terrible performance , trying to be a sexy 17-year old , but she just leaves a bad taste in your mouth . 
some of the supporting cast ( notably gina gershon and michael rapaport ) give stronger , but , in the end , meaningless performances . and to top it off , the pacing of the film is much too slow . 
as the movie grinds to a halt , you 're given too much time to wonder why you 're wasting it watching palmetto . 
chloe sevigny gives a terrible performance , trying to be a sexy 17-year old , but she just leaves a bad taste in your mouth . 
palmetto pulls out all the stops to achieve a film noir film , but the effect never quite comes together 
a lot of the problems lie with the script , which , though providing some genuine surprises , is packed full of leaden dialogue and bland situations . 
the characters are mostly lifeless , played to type , but not much more 
this was a flat presentation , hardly touching an emotional button on what all the fuss was about over ned kelly 's call for justice . 
the story failed to focus on australia , seemingly a more british film than australian . 
if you want to see a better film about ned kelly , catch " mad dog morgan " ( 76 ) , a much truer and more daring version , with dennis hopper giving a much better characterization of ned kelly 's madness , something this film could only do in a ho - hum manner . 
under richardson 's lackluster direction , all jagger seemed to do , was proclaim his innocence and vow revenge , which soon became a shrill cry . 
under richardson 's lackluster direction , all jagger seemed to do , was proclaim his innocence and vow revenge , which soon became a shrill cry . 
jagger did n't have a prayer in succeeding in this dry script offered by ian jones and tony richardson . 
but he fails to be convincing 
it is boring , stupid , melodramatic and in the end ugly . 
that , if you are a normal person , you leave feeling sick . 
it 's just annoying , stupid and sappy . at best . 
carrey suceeds in making it unwatchable . 
the premise : a lawyer ca n't lie for a day . ho , ho . 
i laughed once -- and i was laughing at the sight of everyone else laughing . grinding 
it pounds on your head so forcefully and so unstoppably 
but , it fails on every possible level . it fails to be funny . it fails to be insightful . it fails to be suspensful . it fails to be fun . 
i think we should , as responsible citizens , all get together and stop jim carrey from making another movie . he 's changing the cinema as we know it -- and for the worst . 
we 're given a whole long list of loose ends that go nowhere 
the problem with dark city is this : it 's a bad science fiction movie pretending to be film noir . 
i do n't care how hard you worked , or how visually stunning this movie looks -- you wasted your time and mine , working on a movie without a plot , without a clear sense of direction of where it wanted to go , without a soul or a reason to care . 
, the coherence of the plot goes down faster than ( insert monica lewinsky joke here ) . 
dark city has not one bit of intrigue , moral ambiguity , suspense , or anything else that keeps us coming back to the noir classics . 
but instead of the dogged policeman and the femme fatale given central treatment in the script ( the way they would be in any self - respecting noir movie ) they 're almost tangiential to the plot , such as it is . 
what we 're left with is a string of unanswered questions that do n't make any sense . 
there 's a lack of originality to nearly all the sequences . 
you 've got a doozy of a movie 
long 's acting talents are above those of , say , steven seagal , but not by much . 
the dialogue is strictly b - movie material , and the plotting relies too heavily on coincidences to be believable . 
some of the nature and wildfire shots are interesting , but many are rather bland . 
although his delivery is mostly flat and wooden 
all too often , it veers into the realm of the unintentionally funny . 
in the slightly contrived opening scenes , we witness his heroism in action , as he , and his mentor ( played by scott glenn ) attempt to rescue a small girl and her dog from an oncoming forest fire . 
" you 'd be pretty crazy too if you 'd rented this turkey 
those involved in the movie realize they 're in a turkey , apparently , and turn in hammy performances which compliment the ludicrous dialogue contained within the script . 
the truly awful lines written for them help this humor along . 
comments : the ex is a very bad movie . 
those involved in the movie realize they 're in a turkey , apparently , and turn in hammy performances which compliment the ludicrous dialogue contained within the script . 
if you do , you may want to watch it , groan at the bad punchlines and stupid plot , and feel good that you did n't spend money renting it . 
and so , the movie continues until its painfully obvious conclusion . 
i kept vacillating , however , between giving the ex one star for its sheer awfulness and three stars for its campy humor ( ultimately , i decided to split the difference and give it two stars ) . 
the audience does n't necessarily laugh but groan ( the type of groan that suggests the audience ca n't believe they 're watching this crap -- although watching it they are ) . 
nick mancuso 's chainsmoking , nervous - wreck character does not have the cheesy lines that butler 's character delivers , but his ridiculously overdone performance provides for some better comic relief . 
i have n't seen a turkey of this magnitude in quite a while . 
molly is easily swayed by diedre into believing she 's a child psychologist and allows the demented woman to spend time with her son . time and time again , things do not add up in this movie . 
the plot is so overwrought and unbelievable 
it 's a shame . 
in fact , the duplication of the plot is so ridiculously complete that certain scenes are practically identical to the original . 
dumb it down , removing any memorable characters , and replacing them with flashy , but unbelievable , magical gimmicks . 
unfortunately , it 's a sequel not worthy of the original . 
unfortunately , the music pauses here and there to allow in the familiar plot . 
it plays like a desperate gimmick that does n't mesh at all with the rest of the film . 
the plotting of the film is hardly original . . . 
john belushi 's absence leaves a terrible hole in the film , and although three new characters are created to fill the void , it is still very noticeable . 
hoffman 's acting seems muted . 
the film is expensive , over one hundred million dollars ; is long , 133 minutes ; has a terrific cast , including dustin hoffman , samuel l . jackson , and sharon stone ; but has little that is really original and less that is exciting . 
we do not feel for these characters and do not get inside their heads 
what is disappointing about this film is that it does not have really effective performances . 
levinson tries second - tier effects , and first - tier actors , but never makes that exchange pay off for the viewer . 
it makes a film that is not even that good . 
it knows what its predominantly male audience members want and unabashedly gives it to them : the many mentions of finch 's encounter with stifler 's mom becomes a tiresome running gag throughout as does eugene levy 's return as jim 's well - meaning , trying - to - be - hip dad . 
and american pie 2 is rather degrading to women . for the most part , they are not shown as individuals . 
american pie 2 is funny , but it 's still a comedown as well as a letdown . 
but the laughs are built on discomfort and embarrassment , not on any intrinsic humor from within the story itself . 
it is offensive and plays upon outdated , adolescent stereotypes to generate laughs . 
but they are mostly cheap ones built primarily upon sexual degradation and adolescent humor more fit for a locker room than a movie theater . 
it is a shame , though , that in its rush to rake in some bucks screenwriter adam herz , who also penned the original , could not have set his sights higher . 
instead , i ended up wishing a giant snake would come along and eat me , too . 
in a case like that , the showdown just ends up being a letdown . 
eeeewwwww . above and beyond the sick factor , however , this scene surprised me because it actually showed the face of the snake before a quarter of the movie had even passed . 
no such luck . 
there are no standout performances here . 
most bad characters are either annoying or stupid . in this movie , they 're both . 
absolutely ridiculous . 
the realism is thrown off by some pretty unrealistic occurrences . 
however , this is negated by the fact that cale seems to get better by himself about halfway through the film , and in any event still results in zero payoff from the relationship angle . 
this film is extraordinarily horrendous and i 'm not going to waste any more words on it . 
from that point on , the film is a hodgepodge of scenes and shots ripped off from " jaws " and " dead calm . 
instead , it 's turned into a disaster . 
but the movie really centers around the outrageously hammy performance of jon voight . 
it 's a suspense film that is utterly predictable . 
now it 's time to talk about the lousy story 
" anaconda " boasts some of the worst special effects to appear onscreen in years . 
the scene , if done well , would have been a jaw- dropper . here , the horribly bad digital effects look less convincing than a saturday morning cartoon . 
wait for them , rent " jaws " in the meantime , and do n't throw away your money and time on drivel like this . 
also , why did stoltz , who generally selects his roles with great care , agree to appear in this crap ? 
animatronic shots of the snake look as phony as any of those cringe- inducing robots 
" anaconda " is a monster movie with a lousy monster . 
the stupidity and artificiality of the whole project is summarized in a cameo by billy idol as himself . 
and references aplenty to celebrities and signs of the times , but it all seems tediously - and too obviously - inserted for the didn't - we - dress - funny - back - then chuckle . 
outside of permanently ruining a holiday for me , what else may be said for this turkey ? 
susanne and daniel must then decide where to hide from evil art thieves who shoot everyone else in the mansion to steal paintings . brace yourself for one of those painfully obvious " surprise endings . " comments : thanksgiving . 
outside of permanently ruining a holiday for me , what else may be said for this turkey ? 
boy , do i feel all the more better having sat through this crap . 
alyssa milano , the former child star of who 's the boss ? , matures to made - for - video sludge like this movie . 
inexplicably throw in a scene where ice - t whistles " jingle bells " after killing people , for whatever that 's worth . 
perhaps they should have renamed it hell . avoid this clunker . 
really annoying . 
minute " comedy " was going to be over , and sadly it went on forever 
sadly fails miserably , everything in the film is imcomprehinsable , and even the trailer was n't funny . 
the actors are dull , the script awful , and the plot which there is n't much of . . . . 
sadly fails miserably , everything in the film is imcomprehinsable , and even the trailer was n't funny . 
ok so i laughed one time which warranted the 1/2 star , but other than that i sat in my seat wondering when this pos would be over , ( which at a running time of 107 minutes seemed like forever ! ) . 
i 'm not quite sure how great actors like these , and very funny actors too , are given such a lame script , and directed in such a childish manner , that i wonder if hollywood is ever gon na make good films these days . 
i 'm not sure if anything could have saved this film from being such a total waste , but believe me you , it is . 
i can , it 's not funny . 
let me be the first to say " ready to rumble " is a huge disappointment . 
i 'm not quite sure how great actors like these , and very funny actors too , are given such a lame script , and directed in such a childish manner , that i wonder if hollywood is ever gon na make good films these days . 
in fact , this could be the un - funniest movie i 've seen in a long time , if not the un - funniest 
yes , it 's true that vegas vacation is n't even close to being close to being as funny as the others , which were actually pretty fun in their own doofy ways , but there are a couple of other things that set this one negatively apart . 
each consecutive " vacation " movie has suffered a drop in directing power . 
there still is n't anything here worth seeing . 
as for the two new griswold kids , the word " blah " comes to mind . 
yes , it 's true that vegas vacation is n't even close to being close to being as funny as the others , which were actually pretty fun in their own doofy ways , but there are a couple of other things that set this one negatively apart . 
the problem with this format is that it becomes old fast , and it does n't really fit into a movie mold . in these cases , a " plot " , which is generally very thin , is used either as a shameless filler between scenes or to simply add convenience to the gags ( i . 
this tragic example of cinema ala carte . 
i could n't find any reasons why , but maybe the fact is even national lampoon did n't want to be associated with such a lame film . 
granted that this was his first attempt at a feature length film , we can allow for some amateurish quality , but instead we get a movie straight from the text book - boring , bland , and deeply unoriginal 
if they expected this to be another hit , you would assume they 'd be proud to tack on the notorious header , but for reasons only we can guess at , like the movie sucking , they did n't . 
m . sunday morning movie , but as a silver screen major motion picture , it 's quite out of place . 
the simple fact is : this movie is n't funny . 
now , eight more years have passed , and the laughs have done more than die . they 've been cremated . 
the mtv editing and direction are flash enough , but in the end decidedly empty . 
unfortunately , the latter is true for this worthless picture with little charm . 
there 's no thought , no development , no plot , just a series of manic edits and quirky camera angles to make this film appeal to gen - xers . 
although a disappointment in writing , and a minor success in acting , the film certainly look lavish , with good costumes , and wonderful sets . 
although it 's a great idea : update a period drama to the mtv generation : it 's execution is awful , and would more likely bore than excite . 
sloppy and occasionally off puttingly tasteless , it 's hard to recommend plunkett & macleane as a movie , but easy to recommend it as a overlong music video . 
the story is a bit of a mess , frankly . 
her irritable , stilted performance sticks out like a sore thumb , and i was quite unsure on what accent she was trying to put on . 
the performances are n't bad : carlyle and miller are typical lads , but liv tyler is a huge disappointment as the love interest . 
give it a miss . 
also , major events , such as mr . cash finding out who plunkett and macleane really are , are so rushed that they barely happened . 
but production design alone ca n't save a movie , especially a movie as bad as this mess . 
plunkett & macleane is a massive disappointment . 
carlyle and miller are fun enough as the foul mouthed pair , although their characters are criminally undeveloped . 
although undoubtedly slick and fast paced , there 's very little merit contained in the film . 
the five ( ! ) screenwriters ( three credited ) have produced an still born movie 
what went wrong with this movie ? 
johnny mnemonic is an awesomely bad movie . 
why newark ? maybe because it was cheaper to fake a future newark than a future new york , that 's why . 
the script deals with them with all the depth of pieces of furniture . 
( who is terrible ) stars as johnny , an " information courier " who can carry dozens of gigabytes of data in his head . 
his ear for dialogue is terrible and the plot does n't advance , it convulses . 
everything looks run - down and scummy 
gibson 's script only adds insult to injury . 
from the script on out , it was probably all downhill . 
gibson wrote his own screenplay , which i guess is part of the problem : what works as a short story does n't work in a movie . 
handled right , this could have been absorbing , but the script manages to mangle any chance of real sympathy for johnny at every opportunity . 
capsule : silly and inane adaptation of gibson 's short story , which is nowhere in sight . 
it 's a true disaster , one that makes me believe that the goofy and unrealistic tone is completely unintentional . 
but it sure is a fascinating failure . 
you can cherish the awfulness of a film like this . if you embrace the big hit for the catastrophe 
it is a stupefyingly terrible film . 
what makes it so bad is its genre - shifting madness . 
it 's nothing new , and nothing particularly offensive ( but certainly not the slightest bit compelling ) . 
i found the film interesting because of its unique awfulness : this is such a confused disaster of a film that it 's entertaining to watch it in the same way that it 's entertaining to witness a thirty car pileup on a freeway spaghetti bowl . 
as a narrative , the big hit is pure garbage , never truly deciding its genre and constantly crossing all kinds of boundaries . 
the scene is played for laughs , but it is n't funny . 
and since it does n't quite work as a comedy , it tries to fall back on the action , which also fails . 
one of the most irritating moments has paris ordering cisco to come up to his office after he learns that keiko has been kidnapped ; when cisco gets there , paris and his men are standing around as if they knew cisco did it , but they let him out of there , telling him to find the perpetrator . 
most frustrating of all , though , is the film 's definition of a hit man : these guys are anything but subtle , quiet , and skilled individuals . 
nobody in this film actually puts much effort , including madsen or lynch , and this is especially case with uninspired screenwriter william tannen or director warren clarke . 
although it does n't stink like many of the similar films can , inside edge is mostly forgettable b grade action routine . 
however , the very first scenes show clear b grade action credentials 
a movie this bad speaks for itself . 
just because you ca n't miss his outlandish fiery mane , do n't skimp on avoiding this abhorrent feature . 
predictably , there is a bitter nephew ( larry miller ) whose lesser inheritance fuels resentment that will lead to an elaborate sabotage plot . 
how about an overly exhausted , paper thin plot approached with utter incompetence ? 
the script is 100 % recycled , the direction is hokey , and the acting is absolutely horrible . 
predictably , the man who knows nothing will fight against the odds and give the company it 's most profitable and successful turnaround ever , all because he ran things by common sense and not greed . 
the jokes , the " surprises " , the developments - all of them run such a predictable path , it may only be carrot top 's signature brazen red hairdo that sets this one apart from the myriad of similar films . 
the script is 100 % recycled , the direction is hokey , and the acting is absolutely horrible . 
what 's left to say when every element the movie possesses is a shameful retread of movies past ? 
( barf bag , please ! ) 
movies like this give the audience nothing to do but ponder just how many synonyms for " bad " there really are . chairman of the board , without a doubt , deserves each and every one . 
predictably , there is an attractive employee ( courtney thorne - smith ) whose initial repulsion will transform into love for our doofy protagonist . 
what are the warning signs of a * terrible * movie ? 
having the annoying prop comic scott thompson ( better known as carrot top ) in the lead role ? 
the script is 100 % recycled , the direction is hokey , and the acting is absolutely horrible . 
it 's as though writers turi meyer , al septien , and alex zamm ( meyer and septien also wrote leprechaun 2 together ! ) pulled a plot out of a hat and worked carrot top into it . 
, occupies himself by making weird faces at the camera when he is not called upon to run around wildly and beat people up . 
unfortunately , twenty minutes worth of material is stretched out to more than four times that length , and the film simply overstays its already dubious welcome . 
though the film is distinctive , its unique style wore thin after about 20 minutes , and as it progressed , watching became a chore . 
unlike most ed wood films , this one tries to be funny and fails , instead of the other way around . 
i was already weary . 
it might seem odd that a film as furiously paced as this one can be so tedious ; but the surprise will wear off when you consider how repetitive it is . 
it 's desperately unfunny , but thinks it 's the funniest thing since plan 9 
surrealist works are notable for their quirks , and they are fun , but looking at one quirk for an hour and a half is exhausting . 
though the film is distinctive , its unique style wore thin after about 20 minutes , and as it progressed , watching became a chore . 
it might seem odd that a film as furiously paced as this one can be so tedious ; but the surprise will wear off when you consider how repetitive it is . 
the carnival side - show climax manages to demonstrate everything that is wrong with this no - budget production . 
i hope another film is made from an ed wood screenplay for i woke up early the day i died is not a fitting send - off . ? 
lack of dialogue makes him the ultimate caricature . 
i woke up early the day i died , unfortunatly , is so bad that it 's really bad . 
there 's nothing inherently wrong with that , in fact , i think it would only make sense for someone who has been so " good " at making unintentional comedies to take a stab at a real one . whether wood actually went for comedy in his script we 'll never know , but in either case , this is a failure . 
the unfortunate thing about this film is that this is a one - joke movie , and the brothers are the joke . 
this creates not only friction between the brothers , but their unlikely pairing will also agitate audience members as well 
there 's no plot to be found and everything that these two do seem to culminate in an opportunity to execute their trademark move of snapping their heads in unison to the funky beat of haddaway 's europop song , what is love . 
i do n't know what i was thinking when i decided to watch this movie . 
if you 're looking for entertainment , you wo n't find it at the roxbury . 
their second greatest ambition seems to be oozing out as many silly pick - up lines as is humanly possible in order to start a conversation with a girl ( ` let me see that label . 
this is a shame because the film features an outstanding performance by nick nolte . 
the narration was especially annoying as much of it sounded like very bad high school poetry 
unfortunately , he buried it within an overlong and overreaching 3-hour long pseudo - epic . 
instead , malick saddled the film with plodding pacing , unnecessary flashbacks , and a voice - over narration 
that rests on the shoulders of chris rock , sorely miscast and unfunny as the voice of their wise - ass guinea pig . 
they missed . what went wrong ? 
i guess for kids that may be funny , but i was stone - faced . 
to have this timing usurped by the brilliancy of computer generated mouths or lifelike creations of jim henson 's creature shop , is a travesty . 
betty thomas worked wonders with " the brady bunch movie " , but the same sitcom - airiness does n't quite work here . 
i wish i could commend the special effects , but they 're merely average . 
but there 's little humor here . 
it 's even worse , because sometimes their voices are so unrecognizable that you do n't get the satisfaction of linking the voice to the comedian until the credits . 
then it just seemed silly . 
but once again , his character was given some pretty bad dialogue , and did n't react too logically to many of the situations . 
my biggest problem with this film was it 's tendency to put these two snipers in as * many * inches - from - death situations as possible . 
but the plot is pretty lame , the acting did n't form a cohesive whole , and far too much thisclosefromdeath heroics . 
you just wanted to smack him . 
billy zane ( memphis belle ) played the rookie , and never seemed to get a handle on his character . 
there was very little logical development in these characters . 
but it did n't all come together . 
sound cliche ? that 's only the beginning . 
saw an advanced screening of the movie sniper last night , and i have to say i was n't too impressed 
he 's a near - total loss as he growls glumly through his role of a disillusioned knight . 
( dragon : the bruce lee story ) has made a big , expensive movie that , while ambitiously plotted , is both murky and predictable . 
save your money . 
the last five minutes of this movie are the worst , with some silly celestial nonsense that would be laughed out of any planetarium light show , much less a summer movie . 
unfortunately , when we add it all together ( draco + fringe bits - quaid - thewlis ) , the sum total amounts to zero 
and overscored . and self - important . 
dragonheart is , well , too much of too little . 
the last five minutes of this movie are the worst , with some silly celestial nonsense that would be laughed out of any planetarium light show , much less a summer movie . 
a bearded black hole exists where dennis quaid should be . 
leonard is a slimy , sniveling little egotist , and the twins are lazy , spoiled , and full of themselves . 
however , when the appeal of a movie is its freshness , the sequels are virtually guaranteed to be stale . 
sum total : none . 
inexplicably broadcasting the games of a minor league team far from his home turf . 
you can write the movie from here 
the entire enterprise is artificial , and the cast is not ready for the hollywood majors . 
" back to the minors " is a movie that has no reason to exist . 
the cast is weak , and the first movie left no room for even one sequel . 
either way , he manages to present some of the most offensive material i have ever seen in a movie . 
one particular musical number , " lesbian rock " , was one of the lowest points i have ever experienced in my film - going life thanks to a strained and lackluster vocal job by sheridan . 
speaking of disturbing visuals , " wedding bells ai n't ringing " could have been a decent song , but the accompanying visuals of spousal abuse are more harrowing than this film should be displaying . 
i have no inherent problem with her character ; it is just her singing voice that leaves little to be desired . 
jennifer lynch obviously lacks talents in directing and it becomes painfully obvious in the scenes that are supposed to erotic - its banal artificiality is even bellow the standards of playboy videos . 
the actors are n't good either . 
all in all , boxing helena is disorganised quasi - artistic mess of a movie that should be remembered as nothing more than one of the wiser decisions in kim basinger 's career . 
the result at the end is quite sterile and the film in the end looks too artificial for dark sexual fantasy it was supposed to portray . 
- the events in this movie are implausible , characters come and go without purpose and many unnecessary subplots only slow down the film and add to the total confusion . 
julian sands is terribly miscast as emotionally disturbed man - this actors is best either when he plays charismatic protagonists or villains ; being neurotic does n't suit him . 
bill paxton was better for this role , but his presence was wasted in forgettable and unnecessary subplot dealing with helena 's boyfriend . 
the result at the end is quite sterile and the film in the end looks too artificial for dark sexual fantasy it was supposed to portray . 
the screenplay , on the other hand , is awful , at least for someone who had made best - seller with laura palmer 's diary 
the twist at the end , although unpredictable , is unbelievable and the viewers , who had the stomach to endure entire film , would feel cheated . 
jennifer lynch obviously lacks talents in directing and it becomes painfully obvious in the scenes that are supposed to erotic - its banal artificiality is even bellow the standards of playboy videos . 
the twist at the end , although unpredictable , is unbelievable and the viewers , who had the stomach to endure entire film , would feel cheated . 
but , the result was extremely disappointing film , which quickly sank into well - deserved oblivion . 
there is so much wrong with this film that i ca n't really recall anything recently that has left me this cold hearted ( except for my divorce ) . 
the performances in the film are singularly bland . 
i sincerely hope that i 've completely spoiled any interest anyone might have of seeing this film . 
let 's look at some of the more interesting plot holes in the film ( this activity , is becoming almost as popular as the kevin bacon game ) 
producer dean devlin and director roland emmerich should be ashamed of themselves , and as penance be forced to return to film school to watch " last year at merienbad " until they can grasp the idea of content and plot . 
suffice to say that , " godzilla " is without a doubt the most brain dead motion picture of the decade 
the film is bleak and ugly looking . taking place at night during a rain storm , the movie has little or no depth . 
but as it is , " godzilla " is without a doubt the loudest , longest , and ultimately most amateurishly written film ever released through a major studio . 
everything about " godzilla " reeks almost as bad as the piles of rotting fish used to trap the beast . 
the film is bleak and ugly looking . taking place at night during a rain storm , the movie has little or no depth . 
the script ( and let 's be clear here ) by devlin and emmerich is so full of plot holes and non characters as to be sure to be the recipient of next years " razzie " award . 
while the comedy sequences are never complete , a few are elaborate and some quite funny . 
woody allen is one of the most successful artist - directors in hollywood , but he is becoming less and less reliable as a filmmaker 
these fragments are frustrating in their lack of completion , but even more frustrating is the bringing of the characters out of the fragments into scenes with the real characters . 
that story also is left uncompleted , perhaps to show harry 's unwillingness to commit even to telling a story . 
but allen puts the audience through all of this to give us a portrait of harry block who is a selfish manipulator who is not worth the effort to understand 
these fragments are frustrating in their lack of completion , but even more frustrating is the bringing of the characters out of the fragments into scenes with the real characters . 
. . that is if their kids are n't bored to death first . 
unfortunately , it is n't . with jumbled messages , and an unclear audience , wide awake was better left asleep . 
it starts out with noble aspirations , but never delivers on its promise . 
wide awake can best be described as a failed experiment . 
the actors who might have created a great cast ( o'donnell , leary and delany ) are wasted in roles that amount to little more than cameos . 
it is somewhat confusing 
the nostalgic elements ( best friend , favorite teacher , first crush , etc . ) have been done much better in other movies , and actually seem more like filler here . 
and while it might seem heartening to see that someone is trying to produce something thoughtful for the kidvid audience , wide awake asks serious questions , but only delivers a cheap gimmick for an answer . if there were a bit more meat in the story , adults on a nostalgic bent might get a kick out of the movie . 
the movie is cliched . 
donnie brasco fails on both counts . 
the consequences are painful to watch . 
that slow the film down unnecessarily . the biggest problem with donnie brasco , however , is that its wiseguy attitude and style lacks the flair of its many predecessors . 
its no exaggeration to say that the film 's credibility is seriously strained by the sight of the pistone family 's uncanny ability to keep a straight face in front of their breadwinner 's phony brooklyn accent . 
that slow the film down unnecessarily . the biggest problem with donnie brasco , however , is that its wiseguy attitude and style lacks the flair of its many predecessors . 
the action scenes never rise above the ordinary and depp 's woeful performance tends to smother the good - work of his comrades . 
that slow the film down unnecessarily . the biggest problem with donnie brasco , however , is that its wiseguy attitude and style lacks the flair of its many predecessors . 
the shameless way in which it sanitises them . 
nice example is the humorous scene in the beginning , which turns into standard ramboesque bloodbath . 
the result is a film that fails in both aspects . 
unfortunately , this film still belongs to action movie genre , and there is too much violence for little children . 
action scenes are sometimes interesting , but not too spectacular ( at the end , scenery of wonderland is more fascinating than the action itself ) ; humour , on the other hand , falls flat . to make even worse , some minor characters from 1984 film gets unnecessary and sometimes irritating overexposure ( especially art expert turned into arms dealer , played by bronson pinchot ) . 
action scenes are sometimes interesting , but not too spectacular ( at the end , scenery of wonderland is more fascinating than the action itself ) ; humour , on the other hand , falls flat . to make even worse , some minor characters from 1984 film gets unnecessary and sometimes irritating overexposure ( especially art expert turned into arms dealer , played by bronson pinchot ) . 
action scenes are sometimes interesting , but not too spectacular ( at the end , scenery of wonderland is more fascinating than the action itself ) ; humour , on the other hand , falls flat . to make even worse , some minor characters from 1984 film gets unnecessary and sometimes irritating overexposure ( especially art expert turned into arms dealer , played by bronson pinchot ) . 
in this decade , the contrast between blue collar detroit and yuppie beverly hills , which provided a lot of gags in 1984 film , simply does n't work . 
this time , however , third time was n't the charm and beverly hills iii was failure . 
most of the time it is a pompous soap opera , filled with empty dialogue that the actors deliver in a high pitched voice and " meaningful " winks . 
claire forlani and others are also fine , stretching their stereotypical characters to their limits . 
it actually saves the film from a complete embarrassment . 
at the same time it is probably the most boring and ridiculous experience 
it feels like an eternity . 
unfortunately their performances are not enough to rescue this film from its self inflicted misery . 
handling such a ridiculous task is incredibly difficult and pitt deserves some credit for his work . 
the script is simply a silly and unresolved story , which is artificially stretched into a three hour long motion picture . 
it is overlong and too primitive to pass as a serious film . 
four screenwriters have worked on a script that lacks drive and logic . 
wit-- lemmon and garner merely exchange profanities through most of the movie . 
the tone is terrible and the banter is worse . 
this is crap , but , honestly , what older american audience is going to be able to resist seeing jack lemmon and james garner as bicker- ing ex - presidents ? 
the tone is terrible and the banter is worse . 
for the rest of us , the movie is immediately tiresome . 
the get there from here , though , you have to submit to one of the most offensively overbearing musical scores of all time . 
even the dialogue gets drowned out . what a waste . 
his quest to end the dispute peacefully and equitably is the one we identify with , but it is frustrating to see that he seems to be talking to a brick wall half the time . 
it grows tiresome 
it was dizzying ; good foreshadowing for the film . 
you see , keep cool is filmed almost totally with a camera handheld by a man with a bad case of the shakes . 
we feel no sympathy for her character . 
i found it thoroughly distracting , and after a while , 
quite annoying . 
a case of mistaken identity or some other device could have served as the point of conflict between the bookseller and the nightclub owner , and would have saved us from the bookseller 's boring pursuit during the first half . 
the movie is billed as a comedy , but is surprisingly bereft of humor . 
unfortunately , these crumbs are not enough to overcome the rest of the film 's shortcomings , and were n't enough to prevent that headache from lingering after i left the theater . 
there are noticeable attempts at laughs , but very few tries actually click . 
keep cool just is n't very funny . 
although only an hour and a half in length , keep cool contains extraneous material . 
it is the most boring . 
for an adult , " the rugrats movie , " is a piece of garbage . 
bottom - of - the - barrel children 's fare at its worst , and starts to make , " antz " look good in comparison . 
the rugrats movie " is doa from the start . 
the plotline is unoriginal and the writing has absolutely no wit or charm . 
why , they set up a protracted , cliched scene where the children almost go over a waterfall , of course ! 
of course , if you looked around at all of the older kids and their parents , they were all desperately struggling to stay awake , and that included me . 
hardee - har - har ! ) 
i am all for a worthwhile family movie , but sometimes an animated film comes along that is simply awful . 
as said before , young children may like it , but even they deserve better than this . for adults , it is a nearly unbearable , excruciating chore to sit through . 
there is n't one laugh to be had in the film , nor is there any excitement . if anything is even marginally good in the picture , it is the bright animation style , so it is especially unfortunate that it was n't to service a more quality film . 
plunkett and macleane wants desperately to be a triumph of style over substance but since its style , quite frankly , blows , the film has no hope of succeeding on any level . 
it ruins this one , making a muddled , incoherent mess out of a potentially interesting premise . 
the love affair between macleane and rebecca is no different , emotionless and unrealistic . 
most of the action scenes are filmed in such a rapid , jerky way that it 's impossible to comprehend what 's going on 
it gave me a headache . 
the camerawork is even more nauseating 
the weird , almost defiant lack of dialogue 
plunkett & macleane is a period piece mired down by modern mtv pretentions . 
instead of utilizing panning shots to impress upon us the scope of the events scott uses attention - deficit - disorder edits . 
plunkett and macleane wants desperately to be a triumph of style over substance but since its style , quite frankly , blows , the film has no hope of succeeding on any level . 
they become walking wardrobes . 
the mechanics of loser 's tired old introvert - boy - falls - for - extrovert - girl plot drive its protagonists into cultural non - specificity , so that they become even less than stereotypes . 
heckerling misses her shot at having dora transform herself into a role model , and while such arcs may not be heckerling 's social responsibility , it is a privilege i would have taken advantage of if i were in her shoes . 
heckerling also demonstrates , for the first time , zero affinity for the milieu 
although godzilla should be a non stop roller coaster ride , and at some points it is , there is something curiously uninvolving and unexciting about this movie . 
well , that 's not up to par either . 
broderick is pretty useless as the hero , with no humour or a ' tough guy ' image . 
fantastically over hyped , godzila finally lumbers onto the big screen . 
but although they are impressive , they ca n't save godzilla from being an hugely disappointing and boring movie . 
also , maria pitillo , as broderick 's former girlfriend , is just as useless , with a chronic disability in acting . 
the dialogue is banal 
the jokes that are uttered are pathetic , and there 's an ' hilarious ' running gag about siskel and ebert . 
the movie goes on for far too long aswell , and it ca n't seem to decide on a ending . 
) the plot is dire , and in the end just rips off jurassic park ( 1993 ) by having lots of baby godzilla 's 
shame he has such little screen time in such a overlong film 
( broderick looks at a lot of fish and utters ' that 's a lot of fish . ' ) , and the character development is non existent 
also , the film is seriously lacking a sense of humour . 
basically she 's total crap . 
the main faults lie with the acting and writing , common problems with ' summer blockbuster ' movies . 
" ghostbusters " had three really funny guys as its scientists ( bill murray , dan aykroyd , and harold ramis ) , but " evolution " has one really funny guy ( orlando jones ) who can adlib and milk the comic potential of lines that prove useless in anyone else 's hands . for good measure , " ghostbusters " had the comic talents of rick moranis ; " evolution " offers seann william scott , who was much funnier in " american pie " and " road trip " than he is here . 
another sad case is julianne moore , who needs to be more selective about the offers she accepts . 
" now he wants to find his wacky comedic talent ; what we all find is that he does n't have any . 
her character has a tendency to trip over and bump into things , but the trait comes off as a pathetic plea for laughs . 
other than that , scott seems unable to make much of the thin material the writers gave him . 
why is she trying to do slapstick comedy ? 
sum total none . 
the actors are not to blame entirely because the script is terrible . 
the other actors in the film give very weak and unconvincing performances . 
this nonsense of a movie . 
your cliched , by - the - numbers hero right up to his name . 
" end of days " fails to contain any memorable performances with the exception of gabriel byrne . 
the annoying thing about his character , however , is that he has the power to kill any human with a simple punch in the face , yet he finds it impossible to seriously hurt jericho . 
in one unnecessary scene , tunney walks out of her room and takes her top off . 
borders on the deferrential , and is saddled with the same lackluster motivations as everyone else in the cast . 
data ( brent spiner ) is particularly victimized by this sloppy writing . 
its production values may be high , but the writing is frequently appalling , and instead of a script has a collection of references , in - jokes and ill - defined characters . 
its production values may be high , but the writing is frequently appalling , and instead of a script has a collection of references , in - jokes and ill - defined characters . 
borders on the deferrential , and is saddled with the same lackluster motivations as everyone else in the cast . 
baffled and bored 
it certainly does n't help that the plot they are stuck in is so convoluted and badly constructed that you need to leave a trail of bread crumbs to find your way out again . 
it is as if the wayans and their team of writers - at least seven are credited - just threw ideas in a blender and hoped they 'd coalesce 
the really scary aspect of this sequel is how disappointing it really is . 
some of the jokes are as scatological and offensive as in the original , but they lack that take - no - prisoners bite that raised scary movie to the heights of burlesque . 
it 's a dissatisfying spectacle , a very weak sister of a very good movie . 
scary movie 2 is nowhere near as funny as its predecessor , and it is not because the wayans brothers , shawn and marlon doing the writing and keenen ivory behind the camera , do n't try . 
merely lurches from one lame sendup to another , offering weak spoofs of that nike shoe ad in which everyone does acrobatics with a basketball , and the films what lies beneath and hannibal ( features that only faired adequately at the box office ) , john woo 's mission : impossible 2 and charlie 's angels . 
scary movie 2 tries very hard to live up to its original , but it falls very short 
rather , these are the two opposing forces that will battle to the death in " the 13th warrior , " a film that is as dramatically flat as it is gratuitously gory . 
it does not look promising . 
at many points , i was even confused . for example , somewhere in the middle of the film , a sub - plot creeps up involving the prince of the threatened land . 
the real problem was that the story ( little of it that there was ) offered no characters to love or hate . 
as it stands , the film manages more confusion than intensity . 
however , banderas 's role is completely underwritten 
despite the larger - than - life battle sequences , i was unmoved by the entire experience . 
however , the sub - plot never fully materializes , and we are left scratching our heads 
granted , there are a few laughs amid the constant barrage of pre - school humor , but anyone who appreciates good comedy will bang their head against the wall ten times for every minor chuckle . 
granted , there are a few laughs amid the constant barrage of pre - school humor , but anyone who appreciates good comedy will bang their head against the wall ten times for every minor chuckle . 
apparently , when crap calls , jim carrey answers . 
it 's a painful experience for anyone with a brain . 
here he is , mugging it up in countless unfunny ways for the fifth time , his second go - around in the role of pet detective ace ventura . 
in fact , carrey only has a career because of the decline of intelligence in our culture . 
because we do n't care the slightest bit about anyone in skin deep 
to add insult to injury 
the tone in skin deep is all wrong ; edwards treats a very serious issue far too lightly , making a joke out of a problem that is no joking matter . 
most of the jokes are dumb , predictable , and sitcomish . 
skin deep makes the fatal mistake of inflicting on us unbelievable and unsympathetic characters . 
, edwards gives his large supporting cast nothing but stereotypes with which to work . 
skin deep is a tedious and uneven comedy written and directed by blake edwards . 
the characters just too shallow for the film to stay afloat . 
, the film 's few feeble attempts at drama inevitably fail . 
for instance , vincent gardenia 's talents are wasted in his role as the fatherly bartender . 
this movie about two dysfunctional families never really gets off the ground , despite some good performances from a basically competent cast . 
perhaps these two really do need each other and can find happiness ( or maybe the lack of sadness ) together , but the movie 's denouement was not convincing . 
overall , this movie stinks . 
on the good side , charlize theron is darn cute , and the movie is no longer then 90 minutes . on the bad side , this movie is not funny , interesting or enjoyable in any which way possible . 
the lack of humour was n't the only issue that i had with this film either . 
i wish i could find one good reason for you to see this waste of time , but i ca n't . 
they are contrived and appear to be placed into the story for convenience sake . 
the movie attempts to weave a couple of love stories through its vision , but unfortunately , they are also lacking in conviction , believability and credibility 
please skip it . 
perhaps it was because the movie just was n't funny . absolutely . 
michael richards leaves his spot as kramer on the infamous seinfeld tv sitcom for a stint as a lanky , goofy best friend to jeff daniels ' lawyer character in this ill - fated , and unfunny , " comedy " . 
critique : this movie did not make me laugh once 
some of the gags are so carefully innocuous they 're annoying . 
jackie chan kicks his way into van damme territory with twin dragons , an embarrassingly bland action comedy of mistaken identities . 
why it is necessary to do this is not satisfactorily explained , but neither are a lot of aspects of the plot . 
in the case of twin dragons , however , the tiresome plot - driving scenes fritter away so much of the movie that you almost want to shout ( at the risk of demeaning the artistic value of cinema ) , " get to the good part already ! " most of the film is devoted to showing the brothers ' efforts to hide the other 's existence from their own acquaintances . 
even chan 's so - corny - it's - funny humor is off - kilter in this outing . 
it 's all good fun , but too little too late . 
scenes of sexual degredation do linger much longer than necessary , their negligible dramatic value overwhelmed by filtered - light sleaze . 
so much knuckleheaded plotting and ostentatious direction shares the screen with so much snappy dialogue and crisp character interaction . 
if only the sordidness were the worst of the general 's daughter 's problems . 
it 's silly and pretentious film - making , but at least it provides a giggle or five . 
dialogue , unfortunately , just is n't enough to make a quality script . 
director simon west likely thinks he 's covered himself by juxtaposing these images of violence with sweet flowers , but all he does is prove himself dependent on visual cliches , which is the film 's fatal flaw . 
by the time the general 's daughter wanders towards its over - wrought , psycho - in - the - rain finale 
the general 's daughter will probably be the cleverest stupid film we 'll see this year -- or perhaps the stupidest clever film . 
director simon west likely thinks he 's covered himself by juxtaposing these images of violence with sweet flowers , but all he does is prove himself dependent on visual cliches , which is the film 's fatal flaw . 
the general 's daughter will probably be the cleverest stupid film we 'll see this year -- or perhaps the stupidest clever film . 
now although most of the film was weak to say the least , there were some nice moments and some involving subjects , but all this is overblown 
he gets a little overconfident and sloppy here . the story is confusing , and filled with many subplots , so i 'll try my best and explain it as simply as possible . 
now although most of the film was weak to say the least , there were some nice moments and some involving subjects , but all this is overblown 
anyway , most of these talented hollywood stars were completely wasted , except for emily watson , who does another great job , and one of my personal favorite actors john cusack , who always delivers through thick and thin . 
the whole film is like this , and it 's basically nothing but a headache 
although it has it 's moments ( not many of them , but they 're there ) , cradle will rock stays true to it 's title , because the cradle rocked too far and tipped over . 
unfortunately are all uninteresting , except for a few . 
when all is said and done i liked the movie for the most part but the gaping inadequacies of the plot are unforgivable . 
the character seems to be underdeveloped from the get go and seems to just do things for no apparent reason , granted some people are like this ( myself included ) but i nor anyone i know that is fairly random would ever do things of the sort this character does . 
this is where things start to degenerate to something that becomes almost un - watchable . 
i am hoping that in my little rant i 've made it abundantly clear that the movie is lacking quite seriously in plot and uneven pacing , so if you go see it and you do n't like it because of this do n't blame me . 
i would not recommend this movie to anyone , the fact that i liked it has a lot to do with the cinematography and the sheer beauty of the movie not its plot or story . 
i am sure contributes to the movie 's lack of core plot and being unfocused . 
but that is were many things go wrong 
as it is the story tries to be much too philosophical and fails at its attempt . if you do end up going to see this movie be forewarned about its shortcomings . 
though the script and the interpretation of the novel are quite lacking . 
there is even a ' video game ' style sequence that borders on the disgusting , it does n't make sense for the movie and just looks dumb in my opinion ( and i am hoping many other peoples ) . 
unfortunately , as far as romantic comedies go , this movie adds nothing new to the standard formula for these types of movies . 
" quite frankly it 's insulting . 
her performance was not convincing . 
we know the story is formulaic and the performances are n't that great 
continuity ? who cares . acting ? * terrible * . script ? horrible . sounds canned . unrealistic 
i was embarrassed that i spent money to see it . 
this movie is so bad that people in the audience were laughing , chortling at the bad acting and crummy dialog . 
she somehow not only gets them to take care of frank , but also banishes them to hell or oblivion , we 're not too sure which . not too shabby for someone with single - digit iq . 
dumb , dumb , dumb movie . 
the dumb bimbo meets scumball , and is not impressed . 
this movie is so bad that people in the audience were laughing , chortling at the bad acting and crummy dialog . 
another garbage slasher flick 
it is an * awful * movie . awful acting , bad focus in the photography 
however , director john ottman manages to make " urban legends : final cut " into one of the worst achievements of this godforsaken genre . 
we have not seen such waste of t ! ime and resources 
how many times must we tolerate the same clich ? s 
this is another " scream " -like feature , consisting merely from the recycled materials of rip - offs from the most pointless movies of all time . 
this is another one of those tiring , pointless teen slasher flicks : neither scary , funny , or interesting . 
a member of the faculty , one of her competitors for the hitchcock , or is there something even more stupid going on ? 
" have you ever heard the one about a movie so bad that it made a guy run out of the theatre screaming ? " obviously the producers at columbia tristar did not think that we suffered enough from the first installment , and so to finish us utterly , they have now released " urban legends : final cut " . 
it simply lacks the ability and the story to entertain . 
they are the most stupid , meaningless , predictable and soulless films in existence . 
the body counts and screams continue to grow , as the weak level of intelligence sinks rapidly . 
for that reason alone , it is worth a look , just to realize how bad a movie can be 
i tried to prevent myself from laughing , without succeeding . 
there is almost no dialogue and we learn next to nothing about these people . 
these scenes are presumably intended to be bright and fanciful , sharply contrasting the dreariness of reality , but they fail . 
it 's a vivid setting , but an unappealing 
even in imagination , these people are numb , weary , boring . 
this premise -- kafka by way of cronenberg -- is the background for the hole , which could have been a great movie , but , sadly , ends up as a waste of good ideas . 
foreign movies with nothing to say do what the hole does : they point the camera at something of minimal interest for unbelievably long periods of time , and call it art . 
paul giamatti ( private parts , the negotiator ) plays lawrence 's partner and as much as i enjoy his work , even he ca n't inject life into this lifeless comedy . 
big momma 's house is the definition of a " gimmick " movie if there ever was one . 
you can just see this script plotted out on a chalkboard with martin lawrence / fat woman in the middle of the board with a big circle around it , and 
you get an audience in a coma . 
all sorts of clich ? d , " humorous " situations pointing to it . 
it 's just that awful . 
of the main stars , sarah michelle gellar is fine , but really does often look like she 's struggling through the unmistakably clumsy material , and if sean patrick flanery plans on keeping a film career in the future , he has certainly got to pick better projects than this . 
things get off to a bad start right from the onset as amanda ( sarah michelle gellar ) , a young woman who runs her late family 's struggling new york restaurant , runs into a mystery man who forces a bushel of crabs on her and then vansihes into thin air . 
( these are actually the best scenes in the movie , which certainly tells you something about the film itself ) , and what you 've got is an utterly empty , if not necessarily boring , excursion . 
" simply irresistible " is a ridiculous and just plain goofy romantic fantasy that 's as flimsy as a slice of bologna . 
it takes one joke --- that people who eat the food are taken aback by it in most unusual ways --- and recycles it over and over again until the film has reached an appropriate running time of 95 minutes . 
the bottom line is that " simply irresistible " is the exact opposite of its deprophesized title , and when the movie got to the point where the characters began to float in mid - air ( an unamusing plot device that was repeated in the stupid last scene ) , my mind checked out from the characters and the romance . 
blatantly borrowing elements from 1993 's " like water for chocolate " and 1991 's " the butcher 's wife , " " simply irresistible " attempts to be a whimsical romantic comedy but , more often than not , comes off as laughable , leaving you to wonder why rising star sarah michelle gellar ( t . v . 's " buffy , the vampire slayer " ) would choose such an obviously inept film project to waste her time on . 
( yawn ) were wrong . 
, is not so much a discouraging experience but an off putting one . 
fair enough if it were in a horror film or even if it bared any significance to the story , but this is unfortunately not the case , and this sort of bizarre gore is inexcusable . if you think i 'm struggling to find one good aspect about the film , then you thought right . 
so in a film where the one liners come as bad as " earth man , what a shit hole " and the primary means for one mans strategic attack is to bounce bullets off walls to hit an opponent , its no wonder why alien : resurrection turned out to be as off putting and clumsy as it is . 
i did n't just dislike it so much because the plot was awful ; most of the acting was very average or the special effects got tiresome after 5 minutes of painful viewing , but also the fact that every tedious ingredient thrown in attempts to give this pointless dribble some meaning . 
i did n't just dislike it so much because the plot was awful ; most of the acting was very average or the special effects got tiresome after 5 minutes of painful viewing , but also the fact that every tedious ingredient thrown in attempts to give this pointless dribble some meaning . 
so take my opinion from an unbiased and impartial perspective : alien resurrection is not worth the large bag of lollies 
but of course after that thrilling scene alien resurrection had no problem in returning to its pathetically low standard , and ends up crashing into the shores of movie dullness more often than japanese kamikaze jet fighters fall off their skis . 
i did n't just dislike it so much because the plot was awful ; most of the acting was very average or the special effects got tiresome after 5 minutes of painful viewing , but also the fact that every tedious ingredient thrown in attempts to give this pointless dribble some meaning . 
there is no way to describe why the australian ma rating was given to this film other than unnecessary and repulsive gore , which attempts to distract us from the wandering - but - not - going - anywhere plot . 
in one scene my stomach churned as i witnessed a mawkish looking alien put its hand on a characters head and literally ripped most of his face off . 
fair enough if it were in a horror film or even if it bared any significance to the story , but this is unfortunately not the case , and this sort of bizarre gore is inexcusable . if you think i 'm struggling to find one good aspect about the film , then you thought right . 
alien resurrection , a good example of a film that really gets up my nose 
i did n't just dislike it so much because the plot was awful ; most of the acting was very average or the special effects got tiresome after 5 minutes of painful viewing , but also the fact that every tedious ingredient thrown in attempts to give this pointless dribble some meaning . 
it is little more than a crassly - calculated attempt to woo the masses , enticing them with big stars , big effects , and a big setting -- but no heart . 
there is no genuine exploration of what pearl harbor meant to the united states , and no insight into its vital role in inciting that country to join world war ii . instead , there is just an assembly - line love triangle , some empty patriotic rhetoric , and a laughable attempt to placate japanese viewers via the inclusion of some reticent imperial commanders ( when one intones , " i fear all we have done is to awaken a sleeping giant " , i nearly fell out of my seat ) . 
the plot here is pure cliche , and the wartime setting simply a convenient backdrop . 
this amounts to barely more than reciting dialogue of such sheer banality that it makes one eager to see the script randall wallace wrote with his right hand at the same time as he was writing " pearl harbor " with his left . 
the conclusion is where it begins to evolve into a full - fledged failure . 
it might be true - to - life with some people ; but that does n't mean * i * have to like it . i do n't . . avoid . 
frankly , dropping her on the spot would have seemed the most civilized action arkin could make ; punching her in the mouth not the least . after this , the childish confrontation between morse and arkin at the end seems almost natural . if i had to summarize a major gripe 
so far , my major complaint would be the lack of dialogue , and the constant intrusion of the musical soundtrack . 
so far , my major complaint would be the lack of dialogue , and the constant intrusion of the musical soundtrack . 
, it 's that this is a story spread too thin , that creates semi - likable characters at the outset , and then suddenly jerks them into being 16-year - olds at the last moment . 
frankly , dropping her on the spot would have seemed the most civilized action arkin could make ; punching her in the mouth not the least . after this , the childish confrontation between morse and arkin at the end seems almost natural . if i had to summarize a major gripe 
i am sorry to report that the results were not up to my expectations , nor were they satisfactory . 
but that would be getting ahead of myself ; besides , it 's not immediately clear , as there are so many problems with the film . 
-- it makes the film somewhat minimalistic , a technique i rarely admire 
jeff daniels plays ' staple nice guy ' and his role is useless . 
instead , they deliver zoot , the martians deeply unfunny sidekick . 
hurley mistakes ' acting ' for ' shouting and looking like a twit ' and wins the david wilcock award for ' most irritating , godawful performance in a moving picture . ' way to go liz ! 
it 's insulting . 
thankfully , as soon as it makes it 's money , it will never be seen again , and my favourite martian will end up where the two lead characters do near the end of the movie : down the toilet . 
my favourite martian reaches a new level of toilet humour : it goes past the bowl , down the pipe and into the sewer . 
then there 's my favourite martian , the exact opposite of what a movie should be : a hurried , poorly written and acted movie with one goal , to make money . 
citizen kane delivers more laughs a minute than his hell spawn piece of polyester . 
trash like this 
a real dud . 
' laughter ' is supposed to arise from the ' comical ' events , but never does . 
his performance is incredibly lazy , although his paperthin character does n't deserve more than the performance he gives . 
the fact that a lot of money was pumped into this film , and that they actually got people to agree to be in this film just depresses me even more . 
disney , ever since the lion king ( 1994 ) have lost their magic touch , but this dross just shows how far disney have sunk 
it 's a bland and slow - moving film which gives us a bunch of different characters ( the disaster film requisite ) , then brings them together in the struggle against the big disaster . 
while this worked in , say , " the towering inferno , " it does n't here for one single reason : we do n't care about any of the characters . 
( yea , snore ) ; and the weirdest subplot : a military man / bag boy at a grocery store who has a little thing for buxom victoria principal , and eventually gets vengeance on those guys who made fun of his hair 
this is the worst of the " great " disaster films , and that 's not really saying a lot for this film . 
in short , " earthquake " gives disaster pics a bad name . 
the finale with the heston / gardner / bujold love triangle is ended in a basic flip - of - the - coin bit , which brings out a big let - down . 
not only is it hokey , but you do n't care about any character . who cares if heston dies ? who cares if he choses bujold or gardner ( although i would have chosen gardner , mainly on the basis that she can actually act ) ? who cares if richard roundtree makes money on his stupid " stunt ? " who cares if that idiot kid falls to his death on some wires ? and who cares about that whole plane spiel ? 
( ! ! ! ) . in smaller subplots , there 's a pointless bit about people who are flying over l . a . 
as for the actual " earthquake , " it 's rather a let - down . 
they needed to wake everybody up because they were so bored 
the action scenes are decent , but few are noteworthy . 
it 's just a stock part ( the comic - relief character ) , but it almost makes this tired alien clone bearable . as far as the monster goes , although the cgi is done well , the creature has no logical consistency . think back to the great ( or even just good ) movie monsters . 
it 's pretty easy to guess who will get killed off when . 
the film definitely does suffer from its proximity to titanic . 
there are no surprises in that the most interesting characters seem to last until the end . 
everything that was subtle and smart about the previously mentioned films is battered over our heads in this one , and characters stare at each other for maddeningly - long periods of time and refuse to communicate on any realistic level . 
the thirteenth floor is a bland , obligatory exercise in genre film - making . 
producer roland emmerich , based on this and his previous directorial efforts , seems hell - bent on bringing us the ultimate standard in mediocre science - fiction . 
the acting is okay , but the film suffers from every logical flaw one could think of , and features a script ( co - penned by director josef rusnak ) loaded with cliches and stock characters . 
the acting is okay , but the film suffers from every logical flaw one could think of , and features a script ( co - penned by director josef rusnak ) loaded with cliches and stock characters . 
everything that was subtle and smart about the previously mentioned films is battered over our heads in this one , and characters stare at each other for maddeningly - long periods of time and refuse to communicate on any realistic level . 
` my giant ' suffers from a poorly constructed story line and undeveloped characters whose actions are determined by plot points rather than their own internal persuasions . 
i found this scene offensive . 
midgets wrestling match , which i found quite unpleasant and jarring within the framework of the film . 
crystal and muresan give adequate and at times enjoyable performances , but in the end , ` my giant ' left me feeling like i 'd been fed gruel from a giant spoon . 
however , about the time muresan becomes coherent , the characters head to new york and the film takes a dive . off the high board . 
alexandre dumas may well be rolling in his grave if he knows what was done to his classic oeuvre and characters . 
peter hyam 's does double duty as director and cinematography and may be too stretched to do both well . 
the real problem with the " the musketeer " lies in the casting of the two lead , romantically intertwined characters , d'artagnan and francesca ( mena suvari ) . 
i am very disappointed . 
takes on a tavern full of thugs and bests them single - handed ; he fights a gang of febre 's henchmen aboard a speeding coach to protect the queen ( with the obligatory branches hanging over the road ) ; he goes one on one with his lifelong enemy , febre , who murdered d'artagnan 's folks years before . 
chambers has the boyishly handsome good looks for the character , a la chris o'donnell , but lacks any onscreen charisma 
it is all routine stuff . 
the result is a mix of genres that do n't mesh well . 
a stronger hand at the helm could have helped the mediocre performances of the leads and better utilized his veteran thesps . 
their evil plot is as predictable ( schwarzenegger actually pronounces the words , " today gotham city , tomorrow the world ! " ) as it is lame - brained 
further weighs itself down with an underdeveloped side story of the failing health of bruce wayne 's butler alfred ( michael gough ) , which might have seemed poignant if it was n't surrounded by so much silliness , as well as several scenes with elle macpherson as bruce 's girlfriend which serve no purpose other than to remind us that she is in the movie . 
further weighs itself down with an underdeveloped side story of the failing health of bruce wayne 's butler alfred ( michael gough ) , which might have seemed poignant if it was n't surrounded by so much silliness , as well as several scenes with elle macpherson as bruce 's girlfriend which serve no purpose other than to remind us that she is in the movie . 
not only has the first two films ' unsettling insight into what it would really take for someone to make himself into a " superhero " been abandoned , but this one throws any lingering realism out the window and goes for all - out camp with few traces of the self - mocking restraint of the relatively light - hearted third installment . 
it 's kind of boring 
mostly just makes him look bull - headed and stupid and makes us wonder why batman ever would have taken him on as a partner in the first place . 
strip away the stars , the fancy set design , and the status as a " batman movie , " and all you have here is another barely passable summer action flick . 
we already know what to look for , so why should we be surprised ? and the sense of scary atmosphere , which was recently done so well in the others , is nowhere to be found here . 
this is a movie where the ending features one character providing an explanation about the plot to another character , which is one of the lamest screenwriting devices around . the second lamest device , of course , is the , " oh , it was all a dream " resolution . and guess what ? this movie has both ! not that the main body of the film , which has sagemiller constantly running in fear or having a nervous breakdown , is anything worthwhile . 
in his directorial debut , steve carpenter does nothing to provoke the audience into feeling any emotion . 
i felt sorry for affleck , who i 've liked in other movies , and bentley , who was great in american beauty . 
since there 's no captivating dialogue , no character chemistry exists anywhere . 
any sexiness in that scene is undercut by its stupidity . 
but with soul survivors , i 'm so full of critical rage that this review is liable to turn into a venomous , uncontrollable rant , obligations damned . 
rarely have i seen a director so thoroughly mishandle material . 
that 's a huge problem , since the four main characters are supposed to be couples . 
carpenter 's script relies on random twists and turns with a minimum of logic and loads of laziness . 
bottom line : soul survivors is so awful i feel compelled to knock on doors and warn people about it . 
" analyze this " has a few laughs sprinkled throughout ( mostly in the first half ) , but i always had the nagging thought that what director ramis and writers peter tolan , ramis , and kenneth lonergan had done was thought of one joke ( robert de niro lightly spoofing his serious past mafia roles , while terrorizing and becoming buddies with comic billy crystal ) and then tiresomely recycled it for the duration of the 106-minute running time . 
kudrow , meanwhile , mostly just stands around , no doubt wondering why she agreed to appear in this film in the first place . 
admittedly , de niro is very funny here ( and i ca n't remember the last time you could use that adjective to describe him ) , and crystal is in top - form , but the whole movie is weighed down directly on their shoulders with nothing else to support them , including a substantial plotline . 
once " analyze this " approached its second wedding scene leaving kudrow 's laura standing alone at the altar once again , i had become thoroughly annoyed by where the story had gone , and had mostly lost respect for the character we were supposed to sympathize with the most , ben . 
afterwards , the climactic scene with ben posing as a fellow mob boss in place of the depressed paul , became a real laugh - free dead - zone , losing its last remaining comic punches . 
unfortunately , as the running time ticked away , i began to think that the first thirty minutes had , unbeknownst to me , been rewound and were being replayed another two - and - a - half times . 
since " analyze this " bills not one , not two , but three writers , you 'd think that they would have been able to work together to fix the noticably large flaws , but they must have all been on auto - pilot . 
coming off of her oscar - caliber work in two of last year 's best films , " clockwatchers " and " the opposite of sex , " lisa kudrow 's throwaway " girlfriend " role is an incredible step down . 
it progressively becomes more and more repetitive until i finally stopped enjoying or caring about what was happening on the screen . 
" analyze this " proves that talent can certainly help any film out , but when the written material is n't up to their level , what we are virtually left with is a vacuum of thin air . 
one of the most disappointing and wasted opportunities in the film is the way the movie deals with the supporting characters , all of which have next to nothing to do and are n't even given multi - dimensional characters to attempt to develop . 
fares even worse , in a role that plays more like an afterthought than an actual character . 
on the charges of breaking the rules of reasonable filmmaking , i find it guilty . 
what director william friedklin truly broke was the rules of decent filmmaking 
. one of the earliest apparent problems with ' rules of engagement ' is its lack of credibility . 
it 's obvious that he has neither and the result is therefore a catastrophe . 
though several scenes bare the mark of professionalism ( such as the impressive battle scenes ) , his latest film does simply not engage . 
the answers to these stereotypical questions are obvious , but the inconsistent plot immediately raises all sorts of other questions . 
the characters feel designed , unreal , merely shadows , with no life outside the conflict . 
the entire operation in yemen may remind us about what happens in the middle east right now , but is overdone , contrived and unrealistic - as if a chain of events had to happen in a particular manner in order for the plot to proceed . 
in this case you have a strong story with many possibilities and the result is a silly film . 
it tries to be everything for everyone and ends up being nothing for no one . 
it goes on and on . it consists of countless stories , but not a definable plot . 
. one of the earliest apparent problems with ' rules of engagement ' is its lack of credibility . 
but on the charges of racism i find this film not guilty , because of it 's inconclusive and often silly plot 
i must admit that the film is dangerously near the line of being racially offensive and i do think that screenwriter stephen gaghan went a bit too far , portraying the yemeni people almost as stereotypical hollywood bad - guys . 
i 'll take a pass on this one 
the story really becomes bizarre when they get across the border and get ready to meet carlos in a bar / whorehouse for truckers and bikers called the titty twister . 
this supposedly clever script did nothing but turn me off , though there were a few funny moments in a film that was dripping with special effects and spent most of its script in finding novel ways to showcase its killings . 
i simply hated it . 
it goes out of its way to gloss over the clich ? s of the conventional b - films . 
the characters were as empty as the story , and the film was an easy one to forget . 
the film 's humor also did n't tickle my funny bone either . 
all i know is that the film left me with many questions unanswered and did n't make me feel any more fulfilled . 
but having said that , the main reason that i started this dinky website in the first place was because films like this would sometimes be uniformly applauded by the " official " critics , while i , a regular " joblo " in the audience , just would n't get what all the fuss was about 
critique : an artsy - fartsy musical with great songs and a superb performance by john cameron mitchell , does n't really come together as a whole , with over - the - top symbolism , incoherence and too much pretension to retain my interest all the whole way through . 
critique : an artsy - fartsy musical with great songs and a superb performance by john cameron mitchell , does n't really come together as a whole , with over - the - top symbolism , incoherence and too much pretension to retain my interest all the whole way through . 
the film is somewhat interesting to a point , but i was personally never able to involve myself too much , as the basic symbolic and incongruent nature of the film left me feeling cold and distant . 
i did n't leave the theater very satisfied . 
the director has recently experienced a major drought , slumming in the depths of dismal flop after flop ( batman and robin , anyone ? ) . 
nicolas cage seems to be doing quite a bit of overacting as of late . 
everything about the movie becomes dull and lifeless , repelling the viewer like the effect of bug spray to insects . 
8 mm has a premise that begs for a better execution . 
this putrid thriller is certainly not going to revive his career , so perhaps schumacher should start exploring his lighter side . 
although it had enormous potential , the third act of 8 mm is a total bust , leaving intrigued audiences in a baffling state of extreme disappointment as the proceedings spiral out of control . 
the film appears to be some kind of cheap pornography involving a teenage girl and a masked man , until the girl is brutally murdered . 
this is where everything goes awry . 
although it had enormous potential , the third act of 8 mm is a total bust , leaving intrigued audiences in a baffling state of extreme disappointment as the proceedings spiral out of control . 
everything about the movie becomes dull and lifeless , repelling the viewer like the effect of bug spray to insects . 
add in execrable dialogue from screenwriters buchman , payne and taylor , and phoned - in performances by the normally capable macy and leoni , and 
there is a desperate sense of deja vu presiding over this movie ; the computer - animated dinos are no longer novel or exciting , and even the first - time presence of aerial lizards scarcely improves the situation . 
it is difficult to recommend the film to anyone but dino enthusiasts . 
nothing in this rehash even comes close . 
its two successors have been pale imitations , amounting to hundred - million - dollar b - grade horror movies . 
perry , innocuously enjoyable on tv 's " friends , " plays the same exact sitcom - style character in all of his movies ( from 1997 's " fools rush in " to 1999 's " three to tango " ) , and it has become a crushing bore . 
the whole nine yards " is an ultimately unsatisfying and empty - headed excursion into well - worn terrain already set by far superior pictures . 
when " the whole nine yards " eventually sputters to its underwhelming conclusion , one is left pondering how such a film ever got greenlit . 
how the cast , most of which are respectable actors , got caught up in such a cliched , deficient film remains a mystery , unless they thought it might aspire to match the congenial screwball zaniness of director lynn 's 1985 comedy classic 
merely as one - dimensional caricatures . 
without a passable screenplay or any notable technical accomplishments , " the whole nine yards " rests solely on the presumed charm of the cast , and half of the actors are not charming at all . 
since the entire running time depends on the mechanisms of the plot , and the screenplay , inauspiciously written by mitchell kapner , collapses with every failing " comedy " bit , the film is an inevitable dead zone in the way of substance and , frequently , entertainment value . 
it is too bad , then , that peet is unnecessarily asked to disrobe in a climactic scene , with the obvious sole purpose being to show off her breasts . 
when an added layer to one of their personalities is revealed , it is not to service the character development , or to naturally offer up instinctive characterizations , but to accommodate the convoluted plot . in a lightweight comedy , you might say , it is not required to have perfectly realized figures , just as long as they get the job done . 
finally , rosanna arquette is awful as sophie , but something tells me that was her purpose , and her clear overacting only aids in brightening up her limited screen time . 
" going into the theater , preliminary comparisons between the two movies were unavoidable , but by the twenty - minute mark , when i had chuckled once and laughed nary a single time , it was clear this production was in serious trouble . 
meanwhile , willis makes next to no impression 
it is an ineffective one because it does n't seem to faze the characters much . 
there is simply too much going on in this movie and most of it is distasteful to watch . 
and then it gets worse , literally raining frogs . yes , frogs . assuming it to be an intended deus - ex - machina device , 
anderson further obscures the film by incorporating a loud and intrusive sound track that often drowned out the dialogue , a character who apparently rapped a significant clue to a plot development which was completely unintelligble , and a heavy handed segment of " historical " occurances containing ironic twists which set up absolutely nothing . 
earl regrets having cheated on his first wife and estranging himself from his only son ( tom cruise , eyes wide shut ) , now a misogynist self - help guru who teaches men how to " seduce and destroy , " his sexual and vulgar perspective on male / female relationships is so over - the - top as to be utterly unbelievable . 
i am a very big fan of horror movies , and so it is especially disheartening to find out that this sequel to " ikwydls , " which i am a fan of , is almost an exact replica of a " friday the 13th " movie . 
it figures that just as slasher films were starting to get some recognition again , a film would come along and ruin it for everyone else . 
it is a perfect example of the exact reason why horror films temporarily burned out , and that is because they reached for the lowest - common - denominator in filmmaking , favoring non - stop deaths and gore for suspense , and trading in fleshed out , likable characters for one - dimensional nitwits . 
the ending of the film inevitably leaves the door wide open for a third part , but judging from this amazingly lackluster first sequel , everyone involved should have quit while they were still ahead . 
since so many people were killed every couple minutes , the suspense and scares evaporated faster than salt in water . 
" has no story to speak of , and is so vacuous of ideas , that the filmmakers , were forced to have a murder occur every five minutes just to keep the audience interested . also gone are any signs of character development , and since every single character died before i got to know them , all i was left with was to stare at the screen , indifferent to what was going on . 
it is a perfect example of the exact reason why horror films temporarily burned out , and that is because they reached for the lowest - common - denominator in filmmaking , favoring non - stop deaths and gore for suspense , and trading in fleshed out , likable characters for one - dimensional nitwits . 
it is a sad state of affairs when a movie like , " i still know what you did last summer , " is made . 
" has no story to speak of , and is so vacuous of ideas , that the filmmakers , were forced to have a murder occur every five minutes just to keep the audience interested . also gone are any signs of character development , and since every single character died before i got to know them , all i was left with was to stare at the screen , indifferent to what was going on . 
they were all paper - thin and pointless , except to become victims to the lethal hook of the fisherman . 
even the so called action scenes are extremely lame , and falls before it even gets a chance to go . 
1-dimensional , the story thin as chicken broth , and the writing very lame . 
fans thought it was great and now is a second movie in the pokemon craze , " pokemon : the movie 2000 " which is far inferior to the original animated movie . 
this new movie however is nothing but garbage , 
compared to the first film , this movie is awfully bland , from its opening titles , to the end titles it tries its best to work , but fails miserably at every corner . 
compared to the first film , this movie is awfully bland , from its opening titles , to the end titles it tries its best to work , but fails miserably at every corner . 
1-dimensional , the story thin as chicken broth , and the writing very lame . 
why a film this bad got such a good treatment with its animation is still a question to be answered , 
there is nothing good to it storywise , and its only good thing comes from some plush animation and colors . 
antz is a mindless mess of poor writing and even poorer voice - overs . 
its a stupid little movie that trys to be clever and sophisticated , yet trys a bit too hard . 
by the end credits , i just gave up and ran out . 
allen is nonchalant , while i would have guessed , if i had n't seen her in the mighty and basic instinct , stone ca n't act , even in a cartoon . 
about 15 minutes into the picture , i began to wonder what the point of the film was . halfway through , i still did n't have an answer . 
this film is one for the bugs : unfunny and extremely dull . 
but what made me feel even sorrier for him was that his famous name will always be attatched to one of the worst films hollywood has ever produced . 
and , boy , does godzilla suck . 
" roland emmerich needs a good horse whipping . 
bad move , maria . 
the dialogue makes me wonder if producer dean devlin had his five year old do a re - write . 
each and every character in godzilla is beyond stupid 
his latest piece of trash makes id4 look like a masterpiece of modern american cinema . 
let me give you a few examples of this terrible attempt at filmmaking . 
) the jokes are indeed that bad . 
the film itself , unfortunately , is a lifeless , unamusing contraption without any of the flair or excitement of , " toy story . 
the characters in , " a bug 's life , " are an assortment of either unlikable or dull insects without any charm or personality , other than to stand around and recite arbitrary and thoroughly unfunny one - liners . 
the characters in , " a bug 's life , " are an assortment of either unlikable or dull insects without any charm or personality , other than to stand around and recite arbitrary and thoroughly unfunny one - liners . 
as for , " a bug 's life , " i did not enjoy anything about it . 
" a bug 's life , " is the second animated insect film in the last two months , and i hoped for the best , considering it was done in the wonderful style of pixar 's last film , 1995 's " toy story , " but in no way does , " a bug 's life , " even remotely match up to that . 
" " a bug 's life , " goes down as yet another failure for disney , and it is a sad state of affairs when their best film in the last two years has been the minor jonathan taylor thomas picture , " i 'll be home for christmas . 
the thin story was also stretched out to a nearly unbearable 94 minutes , and it often felt as if they ran out of ideas throughout , and so they made up pointless scenes to pass as time - filler . 
" " a bug 's life , " goes down as yet another failure for disney , and it is a sad state of affairs when their best film in the last two years has been the minor jonathan taylor thomas picture , " i 'll be home for christmas . 
it stoops to ridiculous levels that most individuals could only conjure up in horrific nightmares . 
he looks like he 's doing a bad impersonation of jackie chan , and his performance is stiff and tired . 
i suppose i enjoyed some of the camera work , but the incessant desperation of it all made me rather nauseous 
the plot is pathetic garbage strung together by inane action sequences that will baffle your mind , the performances are so wooden you could use them to row a canoe , and the action itself is an absolute catastrophe . 
this movie is an embarrassment to the entire action genre of modern filmmaking . 
his boss ( a very hammy and flat paul sorvino ) is the mole , and he wants to cause carnage with these tiny but immensely powerful super weapons . 
the plot is pathetic garbage strung together by inane action sequences that will baffle your mind , the performances are so wooden you could use them to row a canoe , and the action itself is an absolute catastrophe . 
the plot is pathetic garbage strung together by inane action sequences that will baffle your mind , the performances are so wooden you could use them to row a canoe , and the action itself is an absolute catastrophe . 
if you think that this ridiculous set - up could n't even fill five minutes of screen time without causing you to roll over laughing , this might not be your cup of tea . 
he looks like he 's doing a bad impersonation of jackie chan , and his performance is stiff and tired . 
but now it seems like watching a van damme movie has become a painful chore , with no rewards but the virtually guaranteed helping of mind - numbing action . 
in this ridiculous film from uberhack peter hyams ( whose last two pictures were dreadful jean - claude van damme vehicles ) , a creature that feeds on the hypothalamuses ( hypothalamii ? ) of humans and animals goes on a killing spree in a chicago museum . 
the " scientific " explanation cooked up by the four -- yes , four -- credited screenwriters ( amy holden jones , john raffo , rick jaffa , and amanda silver ) takes " suspension of disbelief " to new heights , even by monster movie standards . 
with all the cliches , it is only fitting the film 's climax offers what is perhaps the most overused one in recent film 
the year is barely a week old , and there is already a candidate for the worst of 1997 - -the relic , a would - be chiller that 's more successful at making the audience laugh than scream . 
with all the cliches , it is only fitting the film 's climax offers what is perhaps the most overused one in recent film 
on the flip side , tom sizemore just phones in his performance as a police lieutenant , but his role is so thankless that it 's hard to imagine it being played any more effectively . 
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " two can play that game " is smarmy if slick 4 , filled with misogynistic attitude and blatant product placements 
unfortunately , writer / director mark brown ( " how to be a player " ) breaks the cardinal rule of romantic comedy : you have to like the protagonist - and shrill , self - congratulatory 
shante smith is a smirking , superficial , spiteful shrew who does n't realize that rational rules can not always be applied to love . 
in this r - rated ( for explicit sexual language ) , pseudo - hip battle of the sexes , the audience loses . 
having her talk directly into the camera gets stale very quickly and the " day one , " " day two " title - card device underscores the tedium . comic anthony anderson scores as chestnut 's boisterous best - friend , and singer bobby brown does a cameo as a scuzzy mechanic who 's given a smooth makeover by ms . robinson . 
having her talk directly into the camera gets stale very quickly and the " day one , " " day two " title - card device underscores the tedium . comic anthony anderson scores as chestnut 's boisterous best - friend , and singer bobby brown does a cameo as a scuzzy mechanic who 's given a smooth makeover by ms . robinson . 
or , put it this way , if you thought madonna was awful in " shanghai surprise , " mariah carey 's worse in this reworking of " a star is born . 
it 's tops on my list of the worst of 2001 . 
there 's less here than meets the eye . 
is because she saw a preview of this clunker 
and when she fumes out of filming her first music video because the director wants to " exploit " her by having her wear a bikini , the audience bursts into laughter . 
writer kate lanier 's script is fatuous and director vondie curtis - hall does n't have a clue how to handle the glitzy pop diva and , as a result of their incompetence , whispery - voice'd 
writer kate lanier 's script is fatuous and director vondie curtis - hall does n't have a clue how to handle the glitzy pop diva and , as a result of their incompetence , whispery - voice'd 
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " glitter " is a pathetic 
talented british musician max beesley appears equally inept , and as cinematographer geoffrey simpson pans around the manhattan skyline , there 's an audible audience groan when the twin towers of the world trade center come into view . 
writer kate lanier 's script is fatuous and director vondie curtis - hall does n't have a clue how to handle the glitzy pop diva and , as a result of their incompetence , whispery - voice'd 
surprisingly , the script is as thin as an anorexic 's wet dream . 
in a devastating scene , eve discovers that her mother does n't love her . 
unfortunately , every scene about alfred 's sickness is bungled with such incompetence that there is absolutely no emotional resonance -- they just go through the motions , losing whatever impact the scenes were supposed to impart . 
there is no redeeming feature in this film -- not george clooney as batman , chris o'donnell as robin , nor alicia silverstone as batgirl . 
this is the worst movie i 've seen since the " so bad 
" batman & robin " is a braindead , pointless , garish , loud film that should still reign as the " worst film of the year 
her poison ivy vamps around terribly , chewing up scenery left and right . 
even then , the fights are so full of camp and stupidity that they become unwatchable . 
the movie is rife with poorly choreographed fights scenes that never give any sense of a big battle -- 
there is no plot anywhere , and the " dialogue " is unrelentingly shallow , preposterous , and boring . 
it is crap on toast made of crap baked in a an oven fueled by crap . it is crap through and through . nothing works in this film , as to be expected from joel schumacher , who has made only one watchable film in his entire career ( that being " cousins " ) . 
and as if the film were n't bad enough to limp along with bad direction , bad dialogue , bad performances , and bad fight scenes , there are inconsistencies and illogic galore . 
nothing in this film makes any sense , including half of arnold schwarzenegger 's lines . 
and as if the film were n't bad enough to limp along with bad direction , bad dialogue , bad performances , and bad fight scenes , there are inconsistencies and illogic galore . 
what schumacher does not understand is that " comic book " does n't automatically equal unbearable idiocy . 
he is much worse than mediocre . 
" batman & robin " is a braindead , pointless , garish , loud film that should still reign as the " worst film of the year 
as the most ineffectual commissioner gordan the batman series ever had . 
given the " script " 
( although , to be fair , my confusion could have been caused by the virtual concussion the film was inflicting upon my fragile mind ) . 
the " plot " , shall we call it , stays fairly in tune with the original series . 
and i wish to god that i had been sharp enough to skip gadget as well 
as everyone else was getting up to exit the screening room after the movie had completed its assault on mankind , i was left sitting there , absolutely speechless and totally dumbfounded at what i had just seen 
can something this awful 
i was just glad that it was over . 
rarely has a movie left me with such an utter feeling of emptiness . 
for the love of god why ? ? ? ! ! ! 
, the movie becomes a hodgepodge of stupid dialog and confusing situations 
perhaps if the impostors did n't have so much going for it , it would n't have been such a tremendous disappointment . 
all are wasted save allen , who plays a theatrical director who stares in disbelief at the bad acting before his eyes . 
the jokes , frequently framed in silence , fall like stones with such intensity that one can almost hear them hitting the ground . 
the over - the - top script has the subtlety of a sledgehammer . 
( the audience will easily identify with allen 's sentiments . ) with the exception of a single original joke involving mirror - imaged subtitles , the movie engenders little genuine laughter . 
sputtering like a two - day old campfire , the story plays like an ad - lib sketch that was never polished or completed . 
written , directed , and produced by one of its two stars , stanley tucci , whose last picture was the indie smash hit , big night , the impostors almost never catches fire . 
the stale humor is so embarrassingly bad that you will find yourself laughing sporadically at the picture rather than with it . 
dangle , kenneth connor as leyland the chauffeur , and peter butterworth as richmond , are worthless and embarassing 
it is embarassing to see some of the remaining regulars struggle through this diabolical script by lance peters and try to pull off some of the crude and tasteless jokes that he has written . 
an awful script , a terrible collection of jokes , very poor production values ( especially the scene where emmannuelle takes her clothes off at st . 
valentine ) are mildly funny , but larry dann as theodore is excruciatingly bad . 
its just a succession of awful set pieces about who emmannuelle will bed next ! 
it is embarassing to see some of the remaining regulars struggle through this diabolical script by lance peters and try to pull off some of the crude and tasteless jokes that he has written . 
a complete waste of time 
it was a certificate 15 film but by 1978 , there was little interest in this kind of film and it flopped at the box office and was only given its premiere on uk terrestrial television in april 1998 ! avoid at all costs ! 
this film is the second worst carry on movie , the worst being ' carry on england ' . 
james palace ) , a ludicrous and cringeworthy musical score , and a non - existent plot or storyline . 
james palace ) , a ludicrous and cringeworthy musical score , and a non - existent plot or storyline . 
jack douglas is not so annoying but is more boring , joan sims and peter butterworth are wasted , and kenneth connor and kenneth williams put in some poor performances as leyland and emile . 
the only people who would get much enjoyment from alan rudolph 's chaotic adaptation of the kurt vonnegut novel is the cross - section of the population with the unhealthy urge to see that unpleasant sight . 
actually , though , the sight of nolte in high heels is one of the more amusing things about this muddle , which focuses dwayne hoover ( bruce willis ) , the owner of dwayne hoover 's exit 11 motor village in midland city . 
_ breakfast_of_champions _ , will hollywood ever learn that books labeled " unfilmable " inevitably results in a film that is unwatchable ? 
rudolph does arrive at a point ( more on that later ) , but it 's blunted and obscured by his hyperactive approach to the material . 
unlike _ american_beauty _ ( a film that _ breakfast _ resembles in more than a few ways , to its great detriment ) , there is n't any palpably earnest undercurrent that would prepare the audience for the big shift . as such , the cartoony characters fail to win a sympathy that needs to be earned ; and the film attempts , to no avail , to reach a profundity that it does n't deserve . 
with the similar failure of 
steer clear of this excrutiatingly unfunny mess . 
unlike _ american_beauty _ ( a film that _ breakfast _ resembles in more than a few ways , to its great detriment ) , there is n't any palpably earnest undercurrent that would prepare the audience for the big shift . as such , the cartoony characters fail to win a sympathy that needs to be earned ; and the film attempts , to no avail , to reach a profundity that it does n't deserve . 
the surreal visual style , complete with printed words flying through the air and into dwayne 's ears , is obviously meant to convey a sense of madness , but its bludgeoning nature is likely to make viewers mad . 
the actors are called on to act accordingly , resulting in some of the worst , most overdone work 
now here 's what i say : the virgin suicides is a huge waste of time . boring , arty , pretentious junk 
this film is awful , she manages to come away from it virtually unscathed . 
. stop letting your daughters pout their way into the industry . 
there are also a few cameos in the film here and there , which only frustrate the audience as they leave you wanting more . as a result , they all seem rather pointless 
. pointless . 
the movie lost me early on , immediately following the scene where the younger daughter jumps to her death from her bedroom window . 
now here 's what i say : the virgin suicides is a huge waste of time . boring , arty , pretentious junk 
from then on , the movie failed to draw me back in . 
she proves she has no business behind it either . 
now for the bad news . 
while some sequences are wonderfully handled and executed , the film remains flat and un - involving . 
the entire plot of " mission to mars " is based almost wholeheartedly on outdated and preposterous national enquirer type martian civilization tripe . 
but it 's the comic strip denouncement that ruin what might have been a fine return to good adventurous , thought provoking science fiction . 
sadly it is not . 
there are so many scenes of talking heads , discussing what we already know is going to happen , that it drags the film to a dead stop . 
and the mistaken idea of having jerry o'connell ( as phil ohlmyer ) play his part for comic relief is just too painful to excuse . 
subtlety is non - existent here . 
gary sinise is wasted in role that requires him to look as if he is experiencing sleep depravation . 
the script has a few lapses , namely that after discovering several breaches in the hull of the ship caused by a meteorite shower , no one thinks of checking the fuel tanks or the remainder of the ship for damage . 
a disappointing film , but one that might still entertain if you can settle for the visuals . 
( 1965 ) , " mission to mars " is a hodgepodge of ideas that do n't add up to a satisfying whole . 
so much time is giving to establishing the lead characters in the film , but to no good use . 
" if only i had gotten lost -- literally -- on the way to theatre and spared myself 
but nothing in those shots is as jaw - droppingly unconvincing as blawp , a monkey - like space creature that becomes penny 's pet . 
even manages to botch that . for a big - budget film , the visual effects are incredibly shoddy . 
even manages to botch that . for a big - budget film , the visual effects are incredibly shoddy . 
the tedium of this sloppily slapped - together blockbuster wannabe . 
an attempt at a plot involving time travel occurs in the third act , but goldsman does n't seem to understand the rules that come with using such a story device ; when one character 's past self dies , the future incarnation inexplicably lives on . 
you have to be severely visually impaired to not be distracted when a grainy shot of penny and blawp is immediately followed by a crystal - clear solo reaction shot of judy . 
doing a bad han solo impression ) find themselves lost in space after their ship is sabotaged by evil stowaway dr . 
to say that his script lacks narrative cohesion is to imply that there is a narrative to begin with -- which there most certainly is not . 
entirely computer - generated and every inch showing it , blawp looks like it was lifted directly from a sony playstation game . 
after the setup , in which the robinson family -- father john ( william hurt , looking and sounding as spaced out as he does in interviews ) , mother maureen ( rogers , wasted ) , daughters judy ( heather graham , ditto ) and penny ( a heavily made - up chabert , looking like a junior version of neve campbell in wild things ) , and son will ( young newcomer johnson , making the best of it ) 
so who , if anyone , will claudia end up with ? who cares ? ? 
no looking back is dominated by three very dislikable characters whose constant presence on the screen is painful . 
two films and three short years later , the luster has faded . 
some movie makers have only one good film in them . with back- to - back duds 
sadly , all we get is quick glimpses into their lives , although a movie about any of them would have been far more intriguing than the story burns has chosen to tell . 
none of the lead performers are going to wow critics with their thespian attributes . 
instead of tweaking the formula a little to invigorate the proceedings , burns is content to allow the film to ramble aimlessly towards its irritatingly predictable conclusion , offering precious few momentary pleasures along the way . 
and , to further depress audiences 
the worst case is lauren holly , who presents a completely bland claudia . 
even though this movie clocks in at a relatively skinny 96 minutes , it seems to run long enough to engulf two titanics . 
another frustrating thing about no looking back is that burns has populated the film with a group of potentially - interesting supporting characters . 
writer / director edward burns has trotted out a hackneyed storyline , the trajectory of which will be instantly recognizable to anyone who has n't spent their life in seclusion . 
the action sequences are not at all exciting or original . 
" i really ca n't tell you what it 's about although i could go on and on about how and why it 's a bad movie . 
i 'm rolling my eyes 
i could just rip the screenplay to shreds , plus the direction or the editing or the production values but that would require discussion of nearly every scene in order to explain it all . 
carter " fails for pretty much every selling point it has 
the filmmakers did a good job in doing everything as unoriginal as possible . 
stallone 's performance in this movie is so forced and unnatural 
just how irritating and annoying carrey can be . 
those who have been disappointed by carrey 's more restrained roles in the films following the first ace ventura may be glad to see him over - acting to the best of his ability , but some may be disappointed by the fact that this sequel does n't capture the feel of the original . 
there are definitely some very funny moments , but they are few and far between . 
but one of the biggest problems 
it is no longer funny -- it is just a rehash of many of the same jokes used in ace i . 
they are also nowhere near as funny as anything carrey did in the first ace ventura , or even dumb and dumber . 
those who have been disappointed by carrey 's more restrained roles in the films following the first ace ventura may be glad to see him over - acting to the best of his ability , but some may be disappointed by the fact that this sequel does n't capture the feel of the original . 
shamelessly recycles it in the new movie , giving carrey little chance to improvise . 
mi2 falls apart on nearly every level during its repetitious third act , which is essentially one hour long action sequence that just wo n't stop . 
he 's made to be as empty as the movie . 
the action is pure hard target \ broken arrow theatrics with nothing to propel it but the apparent need to see tom cruise drop kick face less villains while his hair whips stylishly in the wind . 
i was n't kidding when i told a friend of mine that mi2 has less plot than the average aerosmith video . 
in one hypnotic , though completely inexplicable sequence , the director slows the action down to a languid semi - stall as cruise and his stunning opponent stare into one and other 's eyes with come hither sexuality ? ? ? 
sadly as the film progresses we see less of cruise 's initial " i 'm the man ! 
sadly , as the picture progresses , the final product begins to bear a closer resemblance to a souped up , two - hour long episode of magyuver . and not a particularly good one at that . 
the whole thing commences with an utterly generic gun battle ( the first gun fight in the film ) , which really should be unheard of in a john woo film , but alas this particular battle could 've been staged by anyone from renny harlin to joseph merhi ( of course excepting the " symbolic " pigeons who seem to find their way into every john woo picture ) . 
what went wrong ? 
the film itself has absolutely no concern with story , only with hurtling forth to the next " special " effect . 
when he 's not beaming away , he 's staring into the lens with cold eyes trying to look mad as hell , but woo 's editing seriously undermines the effort . 
it probably happens due to poorly executed genre mix , that collides light - hearted romantic comedy with 
shyer as director fails to make the proper transition between the two , and fails in both areas , making the story cliched and predictable 
i had real trouble keeping myself awake while watching it . which surprise me to this day , because the movie theatre was full , i was close to sound speakers , the show was n't late and i did n't lack sleep before the show . 
the end result is rather forgettable effort , which convinced me not to watch movie again . 
however , although there is some chemistry between the two , soon it stops to arouse any interest . 
rather uninteresting plot suitable to pure action thrillers . 
compounding the bad acting was the fact that in many places the dialogue had obviously been re - recorded , and i 've seen better dubbing in some old bruce lee movies . added to the sound problems was the cinematography . 
the plot was boring and contrived to the extreme . 
the acting is just plain awful . 
but the panoramic scenery shots looked overexposed to me . 
jane march was n't a heck of a lot better , but at least she is easy on the eyes . 
these effects were of noticeably lower quality than those in the rest of the film and looked like something in an amateur video production . 
except of course , when we got to the ridiculous climax of this movie . 
sound like a dumb explanation of the plot ? it 's actually an improvement over the real thing . 
i took one lesson away from watching tarzan and the lost city -- ape men and bones that morph into skeletal warriors do n't mix . stay far away from this version of tarzan . 
but , they were more than a little on the hokey side . 
compounding the bad acting was the fact that in many places the dialogue had obviously been re - recorded , and i 've seen better dubbing in some old bruce lee movies . added to the sound problems was the cinematography . 
if you have n't already figured it out , i did n't like this movie very much . 
the only two really good things that i can say about tarzan and the lost city are as follows : jane march was very cute as jane , and the movie was thankfully under 90 minutes in length . 
the grand finale 's special effects went right into the toilet at that point . 
rose mcgowan is cold and unpleasant to the eye as always , and jurgen prochnow . . . 
what on earth is he doing in this ? 
adam beach unfortunately was the wrong choice for the lead in this film . 
some huge gaps in logic mar an otherwise interesting tale of an eclectic group of people stranded at " the last stop cafe and motel " due to heavy snowfall . 
here 's the so - called plot : earth 3000 . . . . 
( lol ! ! ) 
the sound is terrible , and has the worst surround sound effects i 've heard . 
i wonder why ? ! ) are invading earth , destined to put an end to those " man - animals " to an end , and destroy earth once and for all , of course we have our typical hero ( played terrible by barry pepper , who was great in a small role in 1999 's " the green mile " ) who is destined to go out , and save his planet ! 
roger christianson who s credits include set direction , and art direction for such great films as " alien " and " star wars " , directs this film with such amateurism , that the film looks and feels and in fact sounds so dumb , that it 's quite depressing . 
, i was never interested in the previews , and never too terribly interested in the book , nor do i find scientology interesting , but after reading advanced reviews of how bad this film really is , i had that weird urge just to watch it . 
roger christianson who s credits include set direction , and art direction for such great films as " alien " and " star wars " , directs this film with such amateurism , that the film looks and feels and in fact sounds so dumb , that it 's quite depressing . 
throughout the entire 127 minute running time , i was dying , constantly looking at my watch , and hoping maybe the projectioner would blow a bulb or something , sadly it did n't . 
one thing : he has to go up against , terl , the chief of security psychlo , who is played frankly , quite bad by john travolta , whom with dreadlocks , a big head , and green eyes just does n't work . 
earth might be the worst film i have ever seen , yes even worse than " mr . magoo " , " blue in the face " , or " jaws : the revenge " . 
i 'm not really sure how to quite explain the badness of this film , except just to say it 's terrible . 
everything in this film is imcomprehinsable , from the make - up effects , which by the way are n't good , to the phony looking special effects , everything in this film is faulted . 
everything in this film is imcomprehinsable , from the make - up effects , which by the way are n't good , to the phony looking special effects , everything in this film is faulted . 
everything in this film is imcomprehinsable , from the make - up effects , which by the way are n't good , to the phony looking special effects , everything in this film is faulted . 
i 'm not really sure how to quite explain the badness of this film , except just to say it 's terrible . 
our friendly human johnny ( barry pepper ) looks just as bad as well , with long scraggly hair . 
the acting is nothing , the dialogue poor , and the make - up effects hideous . 
i went into theater 4 at magic cinemas with the attitude that evita was going to be terribly boring 
simple , a little over 2 hours of constant singing can almost drive you insane . 
although it did come off as dull , the beautiful cinematography is eye - catching , as was madonna 's performance . 
but her chance was taken away with the stubbornness of making an exact replica of the broadway musical a film . 
sw : phantom menace is one of the worst films of the year so far . 
only this toy was made for $ 115 million , but every kid wants it , and , like all other expensive toys , falls apart within an hour after playing with it . 
even the special effects seem rather bland . 
no one in their right mind would create such a fiasco if they knew it would n't make a ton of money before its fourth week of release . 
nothing in the whole concept is remotely enjoyable . 
i find them rather boring and full of nothing but eye candy . 
the story in this new one is a mindless mess . . . 
alas the story simply did not hold my interest enough for me to get into the movie . 
the one flaw that i do have to comment on is the pacing , the subject matter in my opinion was n't interesting enough on its own to have this kind of flavoring and directorial touch about it . 
i did n't find it good 
the character 's aside this movie had some interesting merits but in the end it lacked in story and pacing . as far as the acting and casting for this movie is concerned i have to say that the choices of nick nolte and jeff bridges were great as well as that of catherine keener . 
that 's pretty much the essence of the movie and i have to say that it becomes quite boring at times and is very slow 
all in all i found this movie boring and very slow 
i would n't recommend this movie to anyone 
unfortunately , this can get annoying , in the form of johnny depp 's ( who plays thompson ) excessive narration . 
however , as we all know , it 's not sets or effects that make a movie , its the characters ; and quite frankly , these characters are no good . 
while the movie has its moments ( few ) , it is almost unwatchable at parts , especially towards the end . 
despite a lot of celebrity cameos , the stars never get off the ground . 
and the characters , while having vivid personalities , are played as 2-d characers on the screen : dr . 
unfortunately , this can get annoying , in the form of johnny depp 's ( who plays thompson ) excessive narration . 
filmmakers will use all manner of tricks to flesh out and brighten up a dull , dreary , and overused idea . 
represents the absolute bottom , for its constant stream of indecipherable light and sound mean nothing without some sort of common theme . 
but he fails to come up with any parallel structure in his multi - tiered movie and he fails to connect with the audience on any level , bringing the worth of his efforts to nil and the value of go to about the same . 
but he fails to come up with any parallel structure in his multi - tiered movie and he fails to connect with the audience on any level , bringing the worth of his efforts to nil and the value of go to about the same . 
the early april release date is too mistimed to capitalize on the movie 's christmas setting , and the los angeles / las vegas nightlife is something too far from the mainstream for most theater - goers to attach themselves to . 
go does n't have this , and it suffers because of it . as far as teen movies are concerned , go 
the characters are shallow to the point of prerequisite , and performances from little - known players like polley , askew , and taye diggs do n't help or hurt the roles . 
neither of the three stories have much substance , and the movie has the feel of a campfire story ( albeit a rather strange one ) that could be told in five to ten minutes . 
immediately the film 's biggest flaw is apparent 
it does n't make any sense . 
dennis hopper completely rips off jack nicholson 's joker , while costner just plain rips . 
to make a long , boring , stupid , and just plain bad story short 
( well , it is that too ) , it 's something that 's painful to watch because it relishes in its flaws . 
we never get an answer , just a stupid action movie about whoever can get the girl will be the victor of sorts if they reach dryland . 
i feel sorry for the financial backers of " waterworld , " which is supposedly the most expensive film ever made ( at $ 172 million ! ) , and is also one of the stupidest - boy did they get ripped off ! 
even with all its special effects , action , and adventure this film is boring 
still , " waterworld " is professionally made with a good production design and an original idea but no substance to it . 
i 'm all for checking your brain at the door when going to the movies , but elements like these can not go unnoticed because they draw our attention away from the story and confuse us 
it 's not even just another case of cliches strung together 
it has a clumsily told story , insipid dialogue , shallow characterizations , ugly scene transitions , no evidence of dramatic arc , headache - inducing sound effects , and a resolution that is completely implausible 
it is one of the most ludicrously conceived efforts in recent history . 
by now , the audience is laughing as maniacally as terl . 
this is a terrible film that is illogically constructed , tediously acted , and frequently begs the question : why was this ever made ? at a price tag of $ 90 million , this film will be remembered as a gigantic folly , assuredly becoming ` the avengers ' of this summer . 
this is a terrible film that is illogically constructed , tediously acted , and frequently begs the question : why was this ever made ? at a price tag of $ 90 million , this film will be remembered as a gigantic folly , assuredly becoming ` the avengers ' of this summer . 
it has a clumsily told story , insipid dialogue , shallow characterizations , ugly scene transitions , no evidence of dramatic arc , headache - inducing sound effects , and a resolution that is completely implausible 
but the story is so poorly told that any message , subliminal or otherwise , is totally undetectable . 
to watch ` battlefield earth ' is to wallow in misery . 
like terl , the audience felt imprisoned , dreaded their situation , and looked for any opportunity to leave . 
numerous journals have called it an ill - conceived idea stemming from blind hubris , arrogance , and poor planning . 
it has a clumsily told story , insipid dialogue , shallow characterizations , ugly scene transitions , no evidence of dramatic arc , headache - inducing sound effects , and a resolution that is completely implausible 
why ? ! save your money . 
this is a terrible film that is illogically constructed , tediously acted , and frequently begs the question : why was this ever made ? at a price tag of $ 90 million , this film will be remembered as a gigantic folly , assuredly becoming ` the avengers ' of this summer . 
the most ridiculous segment though comes right before the aforementioned dragging / salting sequence . 
if there are n't bizarre images floating past the screen , then we get pointless shots of a suicidal alison staring at her breakfast for minutes at a time or contemplating whether or not she should answer her phone . 
films like eraserhead and begotten are two of the worst examples of this , and now ice from the sun can be added to this list . 
this film is essentially an 80 minute stalk - and - slash film ( following the dante 's inferno idea that your hell corresponds to how you lived your life or any one of the plots to nightmare on elm street 3 through 6 ) intercut with almost 40 minutes of strange and ( supposedly ) haunting images , many of which serve more to confuse than to further the plot . 
b ) you are a dedicated fan of the lowest of low - brow comedies . 
now there 's a low blow for you . 
judging from the fact that potty - mouth adam sandler is the reigning box - office comedy champion , you realize -- albeit while shaking your head -- that yes , there is an audience for this sort of thing . ladies and gentlemen , i weep for society . 
i have discovered something even more annoying than arquette 's ` at&t ' television commercials . 
rose mcgowan is fully disposable as a sultry wcw cheerleader ( ` the nirto - est of the nitro girls , ' proclaims gordie ) , but extra pep is added with appearances by wrestlers goldberg , ` macho man ' randy savage and sting ( among others ) . 
` rumble ' is nothing but a sloppy , frightfully unfunny swamp land of misbegotten retardation . 
but director brian robbins and screenwriter steven brill handcuff themselves , and limited to a stampede of asinine , humdrum bathroom humor , basically the only thing they manage is to evoke memories of pauly shore and ` bio dome ' . 
along the way , you can expect a lot of sh-- jokes as well . 
outside the wrestling action , the lewd jokes and puerile sight gags bring new meaning to the term ? 
sheedy is a boring non - presence on the screen , tripping through the enormous plot chasms neglected by the writer / director ( i apologize for a lack of credits . 
the rest of the special effects were so poor , i found them offensive . 
sheedy is a boring non - presence on the screen , tripping through the enormous plot chasms neglected by the writer / director ( i apologize for a lack of credits . 
the film attains sub - mediocrity , an unambitious film at best . 
henrikson offered the only relief from the contrived narration of the script , giving his character as much development as he could considering the flat dialogue plaguing the film . 
joe versus the volcano is really one of the worse movies made in very recent memory . 
this is a cheap gag that has been pulled off many times . 
but , unfortunately , the " cheesy ending " bug comes in . 
this opening sequence is very boring and slow . 
a cheap - looking lightning bolt strikes the boat and everything is cast overboard . 
after some stupid talking scenes , they also deduce that graynamore had his doctor be the one that joe went to . and that the " brain cloud " thing was made up ! ! 
i give this movie a . see it only if you 're a film buff that enjoys a bad movie 
unfortunately , it is also incredibly stupid . 
perry 's pratfalling goofiness coupled with willis ' likable hardness could have had some potential but with no script to work with , and a director who seems to be watching from the wings , their characters run out of gas quickly . 
perry 's pratfalling goofiness coupled with willis ' likable hardness could have had some potential but with no script to work with , and a director who seems to be watching from the wings , their characters run out of gas quickly . 
if jonathan lynn 's latest comedy relied simply on jokes of that caliber -- and it certainly tries -- then it 'd be an innocuous if rather obvious little film . instead , its failings go much deeper . 
peet 's gratuitous nude scene proves how low this movie will stoop to keep its audience from dropping off . 
the whole nine yards " is also offensive in so much as its three central female characters are portrayed as nothing more than sex objects . 
the whole nine yards " is not a particularly funny film , but it is borderline offensive 
none which really make it any better , but instead make it worse . 
you do n't need to be a cynical college student to be able to see right through this film , which is another in a long line of cheap attempts at making a quick buck by disney , who have essentially become the puff daddy of the film industry , half - assedly re - mixing classics ( or non - classics ) for distribution to the general public , who sadly eats it all up . 
what could be a film with cinematic magic is instead dead in the water , and it 's a shame because it could have been a great film . 
what 's most pathetic about this film is how dull it is . 
i sat there the entire film stone faced , chuckling perhaps twice , and shaking my head at all the bad jokes 
" flubber " is the second best example of how to take all the life out of a film remake an adaptation , and hysterically enough both were distributed by disney . 
it does n't help that our protagonist is essentially unfunny or even really respectable . 
i sat there the entire film stone faced , chuckling perhaps twice , and shaking my head at all the bad jokes 
what 's more torturous that taking a child to a film that insults you and annoys you at every turn ? 
it 's the kind of film that may be slightly entertaining to tiny kids , but anyone else will feel left out as it 's boring , slow , and incredibly lifeless . 
he 's given very little to do but occasionally get hyper over something , and other times act sad . 
all fail to amaze , delight , or even cause people to laugh . 
in addition to the laughably idiotic situation i mentioned in my hypothetical question , there is a moment towards the end of the film where one of the baddies is killed by an airplane that literally comes out of nowhere . 
do yourself a favor and take a pass at this remake . check out the far superior original instead . 
* stop * to catch your breath , try to negotiate with the psycho , and when that fails , start running away again , all the while * staying on the main road * ? if you answered " a " , you are far more intelligent than the screenwriter of " texas chainsaw massacre : the next generation " and will likely hate this movie . however , if you answered " b " , prepare to enjoy a film made with idiots like you in mind ! 
everything about the movie looks cheap , from the sets to the costumes . 
* stop * to catch your breath , try to negotiate with the psycho , and when that fails , start running away again , all the while * staying on the main road * ? if you answered " a " , you are far more intelligent than the screenwriter of " texas chainsaw massacre : the next generation " and will likely hate this movie . however , if you answered " b " , prepare to enjoy a film made with idiots like you in mind ! 
the dialogue is even more atrocious . 
to call this movie inept would be putting it mildly . 
this was one of many glaring inconsistencies . 
the script lacks structure and is n't particularly scary . 
the conclusion is more ludicrous than convincing 
it would n't be fair to reduce everything that 's wrong with switchback to quaid 's presence , but it 's a pretty good place to start . 
merely looks annoyed and slightly constipated . 
unfortunately , stuart tips his hand far too early in the game , both through the pitch of the individual performances and the facts he chooses to reveal . 
once the mystery of the killer 's identity is dispatched , the interaction between leto and glover becomes stale and predictable 
in fact , " stale and predictable " describes the direction that switchback takes in general , falling back on far - too - common hollywood devices like cats jumping out of nowhere , a climactic fistfight on board a freight train , and edgy law enforcement agents . 
in fact , " stale and predictable " describes the direction that switchback takes in general , falling back on far - too - common hollywood devices like cats jumping out of nowhere , a climactic fistfight on board a freight train , and edgy law enforcement agents . 
instead , stuart places his trust in a " name " star who ca n't carry the material . 
then as the movie went on , arraki loses all sensibility and introduces us to exploding heads , twisted sex games , and alien abductions . 
halfway through the film , i did n't necessarily find myself enjoying the film , but it seemed like a considerable improvement on the doom generation . 
the performances are generally better than in the doom generation , which is n't saying much . 
it 's sad , because he almost actually had some decent material here , but he ruined it with his usual in your face 
sarah lassez gives the best performance in the film , and kathleen robertson ( formerly of 90210 and now arraki 's wife ) and rachel true are talented actresses caught up in this mess . of the tv star cameos , john ritter is the most interesting as a deranged right wing tv evangelist . 
since arraki does n't know how to make anything coherent , it 's hard to describe the plot . 
maybe he just wanted to piss me off . if so , he was successful . 
it 's sad , because he almost actually had some decent material here , but he ruined it with his usual in your face 
possibly the very worst film ever made . 
the acting is largely a waste of talent . 
bruce greenwood is shamelessly wasted . 
horror films should at least exploit violence , but this one is shockingly timid . 
disturbing behavior is a wreck of a film , and it started out a wreck before shooting even began . 
our main man is a fellow named steve clark , blandly played by jimmy marsden . 
and it makes no sense , nor is their any purpose when things are finally " explained . 
of course , my attention dwindled shortly into the film . 
it 's an uninspired lump of a film . 
this picture is not inspired , and most scenes flop from one to the other , with no sense of momentum or energy . 
much of the writing is simply bad , and rosenberg has no intuition when it comes to the way high school kids act . in one terrible scene , gavin explains to steve all of the high school cliques , while pointing them out in the cafeteria . 
laughably ridiculous . 
it 's a disaster , a listless and uninspired disaster , that just barely misses one - stardom because of a few good sequences , a mercifully short running time , and one terrific set of opening credits . 
" anymore ) , and none of the scenes have any degree of wit . 
much of the writing is simply bad , and rosenberg has no intuition when it comes to the way high school kids act . in one terrible scene , gavin explains to steve all of the high school cliques , while pointing them out in the cafeteria . 
it sure starts off nicely , but the regression into total absurdity is so consistent that the very last scene is outright laughable 
rosenberg 's script is a complete mess , lacking in even the most basic attempts at characterization . 
: ) a nod to darkman is an insult to sam raimi , though , because alex proyas ca n't film a decent action scene to save his life . 
: ) a nod to darkman is an insult to sam raimi , though , because alex proyas ca n't film a decent action scene to save his life . 
his two " best " set - pieces-- some banzai board - room butchery and a cool church- roof sword fight-- are also undercut by the awful editing of dov hoenig and scott smith . 
despite a healthy dose of humor and some surprising sincerity , the crow is still just a couple notches above its straight - to - video brethren . 
cheap fx 
despite a gross of good intentions , brandon lee 's final film does n't fly very high . 
there 's nothing great from him here-- just a good performance that owes as much to presence as ability . 
in particular , one character , a chain - weed - smoking guy , is obnoxiously annoying and certainly does n't die soon enough . 
jennifer love hewitt is a very good - looking young leading lady ; however , unlike neve campbell , hewitt struggles with acting . 
come on , the guy looks like the gorton 's fisherman , and his gruff voice makes him sound like a disney pirate . though his lightning - lit appearances ellicited much - needed laughter in the theater , his appearance borders on the absurd in the horror film , and that 's 
boring ! 
, talk about repetitive ! 
though the original film , released last year , was watchable enough , this insipid sequel had me looking at the theater 's glowing red exit sign longingly throughout . 
unfortunately , i still know 's characters are n't all that funny 
this puts many young males , including myself , in a paradoxical quandary : she 's very attractive , but the annoying , spoiled , valley girl - type character she tries to play here is annoying to the extreme and ruins many of the scenes which emphasize , exploitatively , her figure . 
i still know what you did last summer , however , produced several lengthy uncomfortable silences from the audience , underscoring how bad it * really * is . if it were n't for the main actresses ' revealing wardrobes , i 'd have had a very , very hard time sitting through this lame sequel . 
otherwise , hewitt and brandy both grate on the nerves . 
nothing else here is original or interesting . 
i ca n't imagine trying to watch it on video ( horror films seem 10 times better in a theater because they rely heavily on audience participation ) and would n't recommend it to people , unless they 're horror film fanatics or huge fans of hewitt and brandy . 
it is a shame , as the winner features a talented cast - mr . 
it could be maddening to endure a film whose central protagonist is so oblivious of the ongoing blatant manipulation , but fortunately this is not the case in the winner , if only because our sadsack hero is such a sap ; 
while tedious , the film is well - paced and does not meander , but it would be near - impossible task for mr . 
( or , for that matter , virtually any other director that comes to mind ) to overcome the film 's widespread shortcomings in plot and characterization . 
none of the actors in the winner are in top form here , and this film wo n't likely be a prized addition to their respective resumes . 
rarely have i seen a film as excruciatingly annoying as the winner , a would - be comedy which quickly proves to be tedious , unfunny , and unengaging . 
the film attempts to be fresh and quirky , utilising a myriad of colourful characters to weave its absurd tale , but appears to overlook the fact that nobody in the film is remotely interesting and that all of the characters are essentially preposterous 
- there were more walkouts on this film than any of the others 
the film attempts to be fresh and quirky , utilising a myriad of colourful characters to weave its absurd tale , but appears to overlook the fact that nobody in the film is remotely interesting and that all of the characters are essentially preposterous 
rarely have i seen a film as excruciatingly annoying as the winner , a would - be comedy which quickly proves to be tedious , unfunny , and unengaging . 
( ie . " se7en " ) , but it takes a large measure of restraint ( schumacher has none ) and a larger amount of talent ( schumacher has little ) . by those jabs , i 'm not only referring to his stylish destruction of the " batman " franchise , but " a time to kill " was an immensely overrated disappointment . for a guy who gets so much studio money , his track record of making rather bad movies is unparalleled . 
the thought of this " industry " makes me want to throw my computer out the window and stop this review , but i 'll swallow my bile and move on . 
like " snuff " films , " 8 mm " should never have been made . 
this film serves no purpose . 
it does n't entertain , it does n't teach us anything , it does n't make a statement beyond the obvious " this stuff is bad " approach . 
and what is james gandolfini doing in this trash 
during some conversations , close - ups and wide shots are not cut very well , making it look to be editted by someone whose instincts are n't good and whose timing was a half - second off . 
the movie does n't end there , unfortunately , because welles has to do what all heroes in schumacher films do -- become a vigilante . 
to good movies " . if only joel schumacher and the producers had listened and told andrew kevin walker to bury this crud deep in a hole . 
no one should pay to see it . 
why did the actors sign up for this ? 
well , this would n't be a thorough review about a thoroughly bad movie . 
but joel schumacher and his brand of unlikable filmmaking strikes again ! 
basically , this picture is crap and 
nicolas cage is an oscar - winner , for cryin ' out loud ! if he claims to do films to challenge himself and for the artistic merit rather than the money , what was he smoking when this script dropped on his veranda ? 
that 's not likely to happen , though , so " 8 mm " is indeed a scummy waste of money . 
( ie . " se7en " ) , but it takes a large measure of restraint ( schumacher has none ) and a larger amount of talent ( schumacher has little ) . by those jabs , i 'm not only referring to his stylish destruction of the " batman " franchise , but " a time to kill " was an immensely overrated disappointment . for a guy who gets so much studio money , his track record of making rather bad movies is unparalleled . 
the lack of quality filmmaking in " 8 mm " ( from technical to acting ) stands out even more when you consider the star , writer , and supporting cast -- all reputable . 
a largely unfunny , meandering comedy on screen . 
the film , supposedly a satire of the superficiality of soap operas and the modeling business , is wafer thin . 
the film , which wanders all over the place without getting anywhere , is remarkably * on 
daryl hannah is dim and uninteresting 
it plays like an " ally mcbeal " episode dragged out to the nth degree , replete with a few unnecessary " fantasy " sequences . 
, is at her most annoying in " the real blonde . 
bob 's personality ( not to mention caulfield 's acting ability ) parallels that of the character he plays on the soap opera " passion crest " -- stiff and uninteresting . 
and , with perhaps the single exception of the always - likable modine ( who 's not afraid to stand around in a very unattractive bathing suit surrounded by hunks ) , the entire cast is vague and uninteresting . 
marlo thomas plays an uninteresting fashion photographer . 
her reactions are all wrong , almost always out of sync with her co - stars . 
christopher lloyd plays an uninteresting caterer . 
his = foray into armageddon just proves that he does n't when to stop . 
but it looks too out of place on screen , too staged . 
the = stock - aitken - waterman of hollywood movies have projected their art - form = into ridiculity , beyond the plane believability , where people still = accept even if they did n't believe . 
the human elements this movie tries to inject proves to be nothing more = than just an excuse for more slow - mo 's and gold - tinted photography . 
= armageddon , is an overcrowded , loud , messy , preposterously manipulative = waste of money and deserves to remain in that same pile of ash . . 
does n't have too much to recommend it . 
mommie dearest was already cementing its place in camp cinema history . 
the dialogue is flat and uninvolving . 
frank perry 's direction is no more than competent , and 
great films distinguished by great performances , and a far more eloquent testament to this great woman than frank perry 's shrieking piece of tabloid froth . 
ah , but there is dunaway 's performance . and what a delicious piece of campery 
oh joy ! something of a camp classic , then , but 
the script - laboured over by four writers , a bad sign in itself - is a poorly connected series of episodes that builds little dramatic momentum . 
from its opening scene of an attempted rape at knifepoint to its easy to guess ending twist , the script rarely has anything to offer . 
the story is so minimally developed that it feels almost like the actors were ad - libbing . 
the movie is so amateurishly bad that it could almost be a parody of indie films . 
the picture is filled with stereotypes . 
from its opening scene of an attempted rape at knifepoint to its easy to guess ending twist , the script rarely has anything to offer . 
other than that , drab , drab , drab and drab . 
, starred an uninteresting protagonist with an unbelievable past , included extremely dull patients whose problems left me indifferent at best and 
anyway , if you enjoy watching boring patients babble on about their boring problems to an uninteresting psychologist . . . 
this movie sucks because it was slow and boring 
pissed at worst , and certified it all with many a predictable ending . 
it sucks as a drama , and bored my movie cohort right to sleep . 
it is a serious film ( seriously flawed if you ask me , but i digress ) which offers a couple of witty quips to keep you awake , but overall , just sits there . 
it sucks as a drama , and bored my movie cohort right to sleep . 
, starred an uninteresting protagonist with an unbelievable past , included extremely dull patients whose problems left me indifferent at best and 
now with this film , it looks as though he has decided to test his skills at mediocre screenwriting and bland directing . 
even jason lee , a personal favorite of mine , was left out to dry with lame dialogue and one of the phoniest romances to hit the big screen in a while . 
anyone without his name could never have made this film because it is an extremely generic puff - piece , which on a good day , might be described as predictably digestible . 
pissed at worst , and certified it all with many a predictable ending . 
the movie lacks danger . 
it 's not porter 's single - mindedness that robs the film of snap , crackle , and pop ; as a character who has already " died " once , he has nothing to lose and so much to gain . 
the novelty of seeing a big movie star mercilessly dispatching criminals wears off quickly : a ) because the bad guys can only be differentiated by their coifs , and b ) because mel 's schtick does n't evolve from act one - he 's the terminator stranded in a plot without a sci - fi hook to keep us interested after the initial sadistic thrill is gone . 
payback has a gritty , metallic look to it that also becomes monotonous 
payback should have been called playback : it 's a 102-minute loop of the same short sequence . 
( director of photography ericson core should have been fired early on for lighting bello , so va - va - va - voom in permanant midnight , to look like a potato in a gregg allman wig . ) to analyze such mediocrity is to grant payback far more attention than it deserves . 
the only thing porter is in jeopardy of is putting the audience to sleep . 
you could tell that the filmmakers knew in advance that fights , not plot , would be the main draw , since dialog is apparently in the film just to get from one fight to the next . 
brian thompson , who has played good guys , bad guys , and even an alien on tv 's the x - files , but always some muscle - bound behemoth , is your average evil demi - god , but it 's more the script 's fault than his own that he does n't have anything original to say . 
there are some seriously stupid things in this movie . 
the acting is bad . there 's not one solid performance in the film , although williams as jax was pretty funny . 
" remar plays rayden with an inconsistency which makes it hard to take his character seriously , and shou is relatively emotionless as liu kang . 
how this is supposed to work , i still have no idea , but i liked katana 's line , 
this film was a bunch of fighting , yelling , special effects , and bad acting set to an oppressive techno music soundtrack . 
all in all , mortal kombat : annihilation is loud , violent , shallow , and marketed toward kids . 
yet it fizzles too quickly ; the volatile mixture losing potency from the very first scene . 
without any weight , wit , or wonder to propel the story , the viewer is left with little more to do than pay attention to the period detail , a few buckets of blood , and stuart craig 's fabulously dreary production design . 
without any weight , wit , or wonder to propel the story , the viewer is left with little more to do than pay attention to the period detail , a few buckets of blood , and stuart craig 's fabulously dreary production design . 
yet it fizzles too quickly ; the volatile mixture losing potency from the very first scene . 
she does n't have the range for this kind of drama . 
( the pacing in the second - half is especially abominable . 
the biggest botch in mary reilly is suspense : there is none . 
the story all but collap- ses around ms . 
the swooping shots across darkened rooftops suggest a very tim burton movie , but , alas , no caped crusader descends to save * this * film 
even ms . piggy is a better choice for a certain roles than julia roberts . 
her accent also comes and goes , though it 's nowhere near as glaring as the total lack of chemistry between her and co - star john malkovich . 
i use the term sickening because van dien is the least appealing actor i 've encountered in a big budget picture ; all chiseled features and machismo , he even barks a eulogy at a funeral like military orders . 
the pic begins with the most unintentional laugh of the year . 
but i know so well that it 's a terrible film , made by a terrible director incapable of feeling guilt 
the story is so incomprehensible , and told so bombastically , it 's akin to 129 minutes of someone screaming punishments at you in a foreign tongue . 
the story is so incomprehensible , and told so bombastically , it 's akin to 129 minutes of someone screaming punishments at you in a foreign tongue . 
starship troopers is about a group of white , blond - haired himbos and bimbos who all have spanish last names . 
i use the term sickening because van dien is the least appealing actor i 've encountered in a big budget picture ; all chiseled features and machismo , he even barks a eulogy at a funeral like military orders . 
the storytelling lacks focus , to say the least . 
i was bored enough to actively look for signs that something else " incredible " was going to happen . 
cusack is fine and beckinsale , at least , is n't saddled with another lumbering , clunky screenplay ( she 's had bad luck , what with brokedown palace and pearl harbor on her resume ) , just an inanely pointless one . 
the question we 're asking is " when will they meet already ? " to make matters worse , every " coincidence " is telegraphed from a mile away ; by the last reel 
" lightweight " does n't begin to describe it . 
rarely , though , is a romantic comedy as cheap , as obvious , or as pointless as serendipity , a film that uses its " theme " as an excuse for its plot contrivances . 
what happens now is so absurd that i 'm almost tempted to recommend the film for the sake of seeing it . 
serendipity wants to tug at the heartstrings , but it only tests our patience . 
there 's no suspense in any of this because we know exactly what 's going to happen , but serendipity insists on drilling its purportedly " adorable " non - story into our heads . 
the two of them run circles around each other in a set of incredible " coincidences " that i would describe as contrivances if it were n't for the film 
and from there , once the yearning has been established and the romantic denouement must occur , it 's all downhill . 
it 's the last thirty minutes of the movie , then , that wrecks the film . 
i came out feeling robbed , seeing so much possibility in a film becoming nothing . 
the film begins to lose its way , though , when the focus tightens more and more on seth and maggie . 
the philosophy becomes heavy - handed , the dialogue pedestrian when it tries to be deep , and the plot twists simply attempt to yank a few more tears into the audience 's hankie . 
unfortunately , cage takes the intensity too far sometimes , and then seth comes across as more creepy than sensitive . 
michael ironside is unconvincing 
the plot sounds a little ridiculous but i was willing to give it a chance . 
lambert is uninteresting and when he delivered " there can be only one " this time around it 
the music is atrocious . 
the acting is at best flat , except for mr . 
michael ironside is totally unconvincing 
meanwhile connor develops luke - skywalker - like powers of laser beam deflection . 
it is at best intrusive and at worst annoying . bring back queen . 
i feel whatever else you can say about a film ( bad script bad music , etc . ) if you sit just plain bored through most of it then nothing much else needs to be said . 
this subplot is extremely boring and dull , and i am getting quite sick of plots like that . 
the film is so bad . 
" the movie is extremely boring , and by the time they reached eleven - o - clock , one hour before midnight , i could not wait for the movie to be over . 
she was underused , considering she is such a wonderful actress . 
the plot is okay , but the subplots make it terrible . 
this subplot was alright , but it was quite annoying with stephie 's accent . 
as we meet the characters headed towards the party , we are sent into many subplots which are unoriginal , and not interesting at all . 
featherstone and parker are horrible in their roles , and they are part of the reason 
this disappointed me greatly . 
the only performances that i can judge are christina ricci 's as always good performance , kate hudson 's funny role , courtney love 's mediocre performance , and paul rudd 's annoying and overused performance . 
the girls are played by angela featherstone and nicole parker , but unfortunately , due to the terrible acting of both of them , i do n't even remember their characters names . 
this subplot is completely a waste of garofalo 's talent . 
he was just alright , which i did n't find acceptable . 
now , you 're suffering the demise of yet another of your epics , the postman , a film so financially disastrous that it all but eradicated the memory waterworld 's and tin cup 's mildly lucrative box office takes . 
really question future screenplays before you commit to them . feel free to write back . 
maddeningly bland and dry 
( take a look at the less - than - stellar performances of an american - ized nicole kidman or an american - ized minnie driver . ) who could give a damn whether you lived or died at the end of this movie ? if it came down to a fight for leadership between you and the leader of the terrorists , why did n't you do that halfway through the film and save us all a lot of headaches ? 
you deliver it to a mule ! : " the things i like about my ass . . . " i had to wonder . 
the postman is not the worst movie ever made - people in hollywood are quick to forget movies like howard the duck whenever the next bomb comes along . yet it is a ridiculous movie . 
missing , too , is the sweetness that permeated american pie , the this - could - be - you quality of the main players . 
this is an unworthy sequel to a gross - fest that brought back the raunchy teen comedy . 
stifler and finch are now caricatures 
the genre needs a hiatus ; filmmakers are getting lazy . 
it 's hard to laugh at the characters when you are profoundly embarrassed for them . 
part of the reason why the film does n't work , i think , is that while in the original the kids ' quest for sex was a coming - of - age stepping stone as much as an outlet for their horniness . here , everything has been cheapened . 
there 's a fine line between comedy and abject humiliation , and american pie 2 is on the wrong side of it . 
it 's coarser , yes , and it pushes the envelope even more , but its heart is n't in it 
while jim , oz and kevin are forced to make awkward self - discoveries at arbitrary moments , none of them betraying what the writers think the audiences want to see . 
there 's obviously something wrong 
at this point , the audience has grown as cold and detached as estella 's character , and could n't care less about the two characters . 
in any case , neither as children nor adults , chemistry simply does n't exist between the two , and yet finn spends the remainder of the film pining for her . 
she ends up nowhere near a believable character 
you 'd probably be better off suffering though a reading than watching this romanceless film . 
the bulk of the blame here falls upon gwyneth paltrow . 
finn 's art ( actually the creations of italian painter , francesco clemente ) is used throughout the film , but it mostly fails to have the intended effect . 
she fails to imbue estella , a remote character in the book , with even the vaguest traces of humanity . 
the movie is atrocious and should only be viewed by those members of society who like to watch bad movies and laugh at them . 
but let me tell you , if darwin could see the ape masks and hear the rotten dialogue exchanges ( heston [ to female ape ] 
the absolute most laughable scene comes with the movie 's surprise conclusion . 
and he takes them there , holding up a baby doll and yelling , " if humans could n't speak , then how do you account for this talking doll ? ! " and how do you account for your acting ability , mr . heston ? 
no one back then seemed to realize how over - the- top charlton heston 's acting style was , but it shows now , particularly in this " mystery science theater 3000 " wannabe 
that 's just one of the inadvertenty hilarious lines from planet of the apes that 's taken on a comedic context over time . 
no one back then seemed to realize how over - the- top charlton heston 's acting style was , but it shows now , particularly in this " mystery science theater 3000 " wannabe 
the movie is atrocious and should only be viewed by those members of society who like to watch bad movies and laugh at them . 
harry assembles the obligatory " ragtag " bunch of " cowboys " , including a blond guy , a fat guy , a black guy , a wiseass , and the man who is sleeping with his daughter ( affleck ) . 
steve buscemi 's character - the wiseass - is exceptionally problematic . 
willis has barely a chance to come alive ; ditto for affleck . 
liv tyler is pretty and humourless , as always ; suspiciously , four of her father 's band 's ( " aerosmith " ) songs grace the soundtrack . 
but at almost two - and - a - half hours , i could not believe how little actually happened over the course of the story . 
it looks nicer , and has fewer plot - holes within its equally ludicrous framework . 
to this , i will respond that the boys in armageddon are neither heroic , nor brave , nor smart , even : this team could n't build a birdhouse . 
the lovers in the film are miles apart throughout - erase all thoughts of nude sketching or car - sex and replace them with obligatory shots of liv tyler tearing up while ben affleck dicks around in a moon - crawler . 
if the basic plot sounds bad , wait until you get into the inner - workings of this clunker . 
corky gives a dachshund mouth - to - mouth resuscitation . 
the one question that eats at me after seeing corky romano is why touchstone spent so much money marketing this throwaway film . 
fortunately for chris kattan 's precariously positioned career , corky does have some good laughs , even if most of them are of the lowest - brow variety 
predictably , hijinks ensue . 
unfortunately for those out there who ca n't truly appreciate animal or fart jokes , corky wo n't have much to offer you . 
corky romano is one of those throwaway , clich ? -ridden tv - star - to - film vehicles built upon the most rickety of plots . 
you can simply reply , " who cares ? " 
the writers will amaze you with the depth of their inanity . 
in fact , virtually all of summer catch feels like it 's been done better somewhere else . for starters , the film has a major question of identity . 
it 's definitely not a sports movie , and it fails pretty miserably at being a romance . 
worst of these is a ludicrous bit involving that ' 70s show 's wilmer valderrama and beverly d'angelo , both of whom appear in the film simply to provide a nutty mrs . 
when she 's not , you realize that for some ungodly reason this movie is almost two hours long 
( do n't ask ) that we learn what the real story of summer catch will be : that prinze is a poor townie named ryan dunne , struggling to make a name for himself ; that neither his father ( fred ward ) nor brother ( jason gedrick ) pulled themselves out of their blue collar jobs and resent anyone who tries ; and that the local beauty tenley -- tenley ! 
, chock - full of phony emotion 
in fact , virtually all of summer catch feels like it 's been done better somewhere else . for starters , the film has a major question of identity . 
the worst part is the amateurish script ( co - written by an arli$$ writing alumnus and a guy that starred in leprechaun 3 ) 
for a pg-13 teen romance ( despite near - constant sexual innuendo ) , one has to ask warner brothers : what were you thinking ? ? ? 
well actually , there is some manufactured romance within a plot that is so muddled 
if only the filmmakers had spent as much time on the plot as they did the sinfully obvious soundtrack , this film might 've had a chance to be more than what it is now . which is an unentertaining , crappy film that uses the witch angle as a diversionary tactic to weave us away from its grab - bag of stupid voice - overs , overdone songs , melodramatic romance , undeveloped story and uneven acting 
for a film that has the word " magic " in its title , this movie contains very few moments of magic . . . 
it does n't really matter , cause the characters in the film are so boring and uninteresting , that you have absolutely no basis on which to care for them , or the film as a whole . 
if only the filmmakers had spent as much time on the plot as they did the sinfully obvious soundtrack , this film might 've had a chance to be more than what it is now . which is an unentertaining , crappy film that uses the witch angle as a diversionary tactic to weave us away from its grab - bag of stupid voice - overs , overdone songs , melodramatic romance , undeveloped story and uneven acting 
if only the filmmakers had spent as much time on the plot as they did the sinfully obvious soundtrack , this film might 've had a chance to be more than what it is now . which is an unentertaining , crappy film that uses the witch angle as a diversionary tactic to weave us away from its grab - bag of stupid voice - overs , overdone songs , melodramatic romance , undeveloped story and uneven acting 
however , an investigation begins into liz 's death and the film becomes excessively dull . 
review by : geoff berkshire jawbreaker is the very definition of a " rip - off . " this uninspired teen comedy takes equal parts carrie ( 1976 ) , heathers ( 1989 ) and clueless ( 1995 ) and mixes in all the necessary teen movie clich ? 
" this uninspired teen comedy takes equal parts carrie ( 1976 ) , heathers ( 1989 ) and clueless ( 1995 ) and mixes in all the necessary teen movie clich ? 
performances are mostly sub - par with mcgowan providing only a few good moments ( compared with her excellent work in the doom generation ( 1995 ) and scream ( 1996 ) ) and gayheart making the biggest impression due to the sweet nature of her character and her obvious beauty . 
the recently rediscovered talents of pam grier are thoroughly wasted in the role of detective vera cruz and the film is downright insipid in its treatment of both the characters and the audience during this long middle stretch . 
meanwhile , the audience is stuck watching a string of random events which fail to develop the characters or add anything of interest to the plot . 
fern 's rise to popularity is equally lame . 
the recently rediscovered talents of pam grier are thoroughly wasted in the role of detective vera cruz and the film is downright insipid in its treatment of both the characters and the audience during this long middle stretch . 
they then stuff liz in the trunk of courtney 's car but when they open it later , polaroid camera waiting to capture the moment , their lives will never be the same : poor liz has swallowed the jawbreaker and choked to death with it lodged in her throat ( the audience is treated to a few too many graphic looks at liz 's dead body ) . 
it unfolds , awkwardly , as a series of flashbacks , told during a luncheon in vienna , where jia - li meets her brother 's old flame ( teresa hu ) , now a concert pianist , whom she has not seen since college . 
and what was new for taiwan was not necessarily new for the rest of us : yang adopts methods established years before by antonioni and others , and his use of those methods is fumbling , uncertain , undisciplined . nor does he bring anything new -- other than the locale -- to the material . 
the look of the film is as tedious as the drawn - out narrative . 
indeed , it 's hard to imagine anyone having felt passionate enough about the film to generate any controversy : it may be ambitious , it may be innovative , but it is also terribly , terribly dull . 
the film never redeems these clich ? s 
at two hours and forty - five minutes , it all seems exorbitantly long , indulgently long - winded . consider the defining moment for jia - li , the titular day on the beach . 
needless time is devoted to expressing what should have remained unexpressed , and that is the problem throughout . 
really fails in the attempt . 
what i will hold them to is the fact that they have a pretty bad movie on their hands , even for a teenage slasher flick . 
but alas , the people behind this film are obviously idiots , so i wo n't hold them to that . 
the movie suffers from this kind of logic all the way through . 
there are just so many problems with this movie that it 's hard trying to figure out where to start . 
his ear for dialogue and the terrific endings he puts on all his films make him a standout from all the rest of the horror writers , and i think " i still know " has really suffered by not having him on board . 
the effects are a bit better this time around , but the film does n't work nearly as well 
it does n't add anything and the choice of scenes appears somewhat random . 
now a high school counselor , she befriends rachel , but her character 's potential is squandered . 
the biggest mistake the film makes is including clips of the original . 
once the audience catches on that this is the same story as " carrie " , there 's little to do but wait for the inevitable ending . 
have an overwhelming desire to see an inferior version of brian depalma 's adaptation of the steven king novel ? 
the casting of high school jocks and cheerleaders as villains is beginning to wear thin . 
there 's too much about sue that does n't make sense . 
leads , race and samantha press are wooden and dull , hampered by some unfortunate attempts at sexy dialogue early on . 
there is no doubt that this film 's achilles heel is its script . 
leads , race and samantha press are wooden and dull , hampered by some unfortunate attempts at sexy dialogue early on . 
but , hell , it 's not as if he 's the only problem in this well - intentioned but ultimately below average aussie thriller . 
the film suffers every time the story shifts back to these two . which is unfortunately , the other main story is n't any great shakes either . 
unfortunately , trying to cast hugo race as a violent , sexy criminal falls into the " what the hell where they thinking " category 
it has no reason to it ; it 's just bad direction . 
having two director 's ( colin south & john tatoulis ) does n't help either , the most glaring example of which is the final retribution / fight scene , where for some reason the camera pulls away from the onscreen action , and more importantly it does n't pull away to anything else . 
main problem first - about 2 % of rood rock star to actor conversions in filmdom ever really work . 
the second part , concerning two cops , political corruption and that elusive tape is incredibly muddled . 
, it 's tries to be good , and you want it to work , but , it 's just lacking the talent behind it , that it needs to succeed . 
robin williams saves the film from being abysmal with several comic scenes that elevate the movie to entertaining and worthwhile levels . 
but those moments are rare and in the end ` patch adams ' is barely average . 
not to mention the fact of how serious the film takes itself , and manages to cover all the cliches of bad melodrama . 
it 's here where the not so climatic court room battle takes place , over whether or not patch can become a real doctor . 
just completely blow it . 
his meandering , largely unfunny script and direction are like hopelessly lost drivers , turning into dead - end narrative streets only to reverse course and hit another creative cul - de - sac . and another . 
that 's a question best posed to writer - director dicillo , who does n't appear to have the slightest clue himself . 
his meandering , largely unfunny script and direction are like hopelessly lost drivers , turning into dead - end narrative streets only to reverse course and hit another creative cul - de - sac . and another . 
but on the whole , the real blonde is a frustrating sit that lives up to the stereotypes of its title -- it may be glossy on the surface , but there 's nothing going on inside . 
but on the whole , the real blonde is a frustrating sit that lives up to the stereotypes of its title -- it may be glossy on the surface , but there 's nothing going on inside . 
but instead , the film focuses on a snowball fight subplot and an inevitably oversentimental climax that could be telegraphed before i even sat down to watch the movie . 
" jack frost , " is one of those dumb , corny concoctions that attempts to be a heartwarming family film , but is too muddled in its own cliches and predictability to be the least bit touching 
" jack frost , " is one of those dumb , corny concoctions that attempts to be a heartwarming family film , but is too muddled in its own cliches and predictability to be the least bit touching 
this brief hint of cleverness is pushed to the side , however , by the tried - and - true main plot at hand , which is the sappy story of a father and son . 
the performances are respectable enough , but no one deserves to be punished by appearing in a silly film like this . 
either way , it was an awful lot of work to go through , just to come up with a final product as featherbrained 
since i knew what was going to happen by the time the conclusion came around , i had no choice but to sit there and listen to painfully insipid , cringe - inducing lines of dialogue . 
" do people really get paid in hollywood for writing pieces of trash like this ? 
schmidt is a flaccid villain 
there are so many big problems with the real mccoy that i 'm tempted to overlook the little ones . 
there is no tension in the scene , just tedium . 
karen is earnest and single - minded in her motherly devotion , but lacking any kind of edge which would make her a convincing criminal , and basinger is not a thespian adept at fleshing out flimsy material . 
various scenes of sneaking and skulking seem to take forever , and some end with no reason evident why they did n't end up on the cutting room floor . 
russell mulcahy ( highlander ) is a director with some style , and indeed the real mccoy looks reasonably good , but he completely stumbles in the editing room . 
* contrivances and sloppy plotting fly off the screen so fast and furiously 
i might have been more forgiving if the pacing had been more appropriate to a caper comedy , but the real mccoy goes nowhere fast . 
it 's charmless , molasses - slow and so full of genuinely stupid people that the film commission of atlanta , where the real mccoy is set , might well consider some sort of ritual suicide for their complicity in this humiliation . 
there is no tension in the scene , just tedium . 
, the parole officer is a complete blank , and karen 's son and ex - husband might as well be furniture . 
but the fun does n't end there in the shambles of a script by william davies and william osborne . 
there is also the absence of a single , solitary interesting character . 
part of this is a result of the film 's slow pace . 
for all the presence this usually marvelous actor has , he 's nearly forgettable in conspiracy theory . 
dialog is undistinguished and rather unmemorable , to the point that i almost stopped listening . 
one of the problems with conspiracy theory is that it tries to pass itself off as an action - thriller when it seems to have neither a whole lot of action , nor a significant number of thrills . 
the script in general also seems forced , like someone sat helgeland down and forced him to write it , then took it and forced it upon us . 
the two just do n't click , and when you throw in a number of happenings that would cause alice to reject jerry altogether ( like finding out he 's been stalking her ) , the subsequent attraction is absolutely forced . 
it takes forever to set up the relationship between jerry and alice , and even once that is over with , the rest of the film seems to be a lot of boredom that every once in a while stops to take a break for excitement . 
you know what happens then ? nothing , zip , nada . no follow - up whatsoever , so what 's the significance ? 
instead of truly exciting and engaging set pieces , we 're treated to a few of the generic scenes with the requisite " black elements " : black helicopter , men in black action suits and body armor , black vehicles - 
justin lazard as the doomed astronaut does nothing to enhance his hollywood credentials . 
perhaps the evident skills that were brought to the process of producing a bad product was what prevented him from extracting fun out of mediocrity . 
the writers showed excellent skills for ceremonial speech writing but the spontaneous dialogue would qualify for a subtitle : ` as bad as it gets ' . 
i on the other hand appreciated the fact that the producers and director knew exactly what they were doing : insulting my intelligence , and brought adequate movie - making skills to the project a movie does not have to be good to be well made , at least in terms of the craft . 
perhaps the evident skills that were brought to the process of producing a bad product was what prevented him from extracting fun out of mediocrity . 
" me , myself & irene " reeks of wasted opportunities . 
compared to the curveballs the farrellys are used to throwing , this stuff is almost entirely soft - tossed , presenting an obvious problem : when gross - out humor loses its shock value , 
then things start getting lost in the most complicated plot the farrellys have ever attempted , and the film runs off its tracks . 
it 's a great showcase of flexibility and split - second role - shifting , but none of it is terribly funny . 
" me , myself & irene , " by contrast , seems to have been made by folks who looked at " mary " and saw only the surface grossness , missing all of the subtle machinations that really made it work . having been produced by the same guys who made " mary , " " irene " seems like an even bigger disappointment . 
yes , it all seemed perfect , but one thing went wrong : their movie is n't funny . 
chris cooper is stuck playing exactly one note as a corrupt fbi agent , and his character is entirely too straight - laced for a movie like this . 
even after that happens , though , i 'll still consider " me , myself & irene " to be a high - caliber misfire . 
she gives us nothing to latch onto as the only " sane " person in the film . 
it 's no longer funny , merely gross . 
after viewing the shapeless mess that " me , myself & irene " eventually dissolved into , i was stuck wondering whether or not the farrellys had outsmarted themselves . 
he 's left with nothing much to do here 
that 's too bad , because it ceases to be amusing about halfway through . 
simply , i am amazed by the how inane the script was , filled with terrible cliches and extremely violent action sequences . 
ultimately , it is little more than a ridiculous action film with a plot as believable as the warren report , ugly violence that would have made peckinpah cringe , and terrible acting by b - list actors like michael biehn and anne archer . 
he 'd be filing a court order to remove his name from the credits . 
the film ends with more confusion than a boatload of chinese immigrants trying to register at ellis island . 
or should i say the film ends with the most blatant ripoff of both the matrix and all of john woo 's hong kong films combined . 
wesley snipes is a master of selecting bad action roles . 
it also sickens me to know that oliver stone , one of the greatest directors working today , had his hand in producing this monstrosity . 
simply , i am amazed by the how inane the script was , filled with terrible cliches and extremely violent action sequences . 
the art of war is another entry in this very ugly and unique category . 
ultimately , it is little more than a ridiculous action film with a plot as believable as the warren report , ugly violence that would have made peckinpah cringe , and terrible acting by b - list actors like michael biehn and anne archer . 
ultimately , it is little more than a ridiculous action film with a plot as believable as the warren report , ugly violence that would have made peckinpah cringe , and terrible acting by b - list actors like michael biehn and anne archer . 
i am really at a loss to figure out why wesley snipes had the gumption to not only star in this action dud but also act as one of the producers of the film . 
it also sickens me to know that oliver stone , one of the greatest directors working today , had his hand in producing this monstrosity . 
the problem is , aside from a few genuinely inspired bits , there 's not much that 's funny here 
senseless is a prime example of what can happen when you try to push a one - joke concept a bit too far 
be that a good plot , more jokes ( or simply funnier ones ) , or a strong character or two , anything would have helped senseless get off the ground 
the problem is , aside from a few genuinely inspired bits , there 's not much that 's funny here 
the film has it 's one central gag , and pads out the rest of its length with rather obvious lowbrow humor . 
the entire job selection process is completely ridiculous . 
needless to say , the romance is completely extraneous , and adds little to the film . 
, like the shudder - inducing sight of brooke shields as an icy fortune - hunter or the hideous collection of stereotypes when hundreds of potential brides gather in a church . 
the blandly nice o'donnell could n't pull off a randy cad if he tried , so the filmmakers do n't even let him ; zellweger 's anne may have issues with her sickeningly affectionate parents as an impossible standard to live up to , but no one dares make her anything but the woman ( lightly ) wronged . and forget about seeing enough of jimmy and anne together to feel invested in their potential reconciliation . 
far more of them are either tedious or downright ghastly 
there 's no spark , no energy , no humanity . 
i sat there watching this marshmallow of a movie unfold when suddenly i realized what is so ridiculously wrong with the entire romantic comedy genre circa 1999 . 
it 's almost embarrassing for his marital misgivings to play a role in the bachelor 's plot development . 
this movie is not funny 
well if you are , than you will most likely agree with my rating of this film since it basically features a trio of annoying ladies bickering away on the phone for an hour and a half . . . 
critique : this would be a good movie if it was n't for the fact that it 's got very little to say , features uncaring people sharing annoying phone conversations , 
( unless you 're one to chuckle at train wrecks ) , provides zero drama ( unless you consider loud phone conversations moving ) , generates absolutely no emotion ( although i did tear up when meg hugged a coffee machine ) and ends on a perfectly pretentious note ( " oh no , please do n't get any flour on my donna karan dress ! ) . ugh . 
( unless you 're one to chuckle at train wrecks ) , provides zero drama ( unless you consider loud phone conversations moving ) , generates absolutely no emotion ( although i did tear up when meg hugged a coffee machine ) and ends on a perfectly pretentious note ( " oh no , please do n't get any flour on my donna karan dress ! ) . ugh . 
meg did fine as the sister who cries a lot , looking as adorable as ever , but someone please put lisa kudrow inside a permanent home of limited range , cause this woman basically is that very same character that she plays in every single movie / tv show that she 's in . 
this film is a mess . 
the characters are boring and irritating to watch , the plot has something to do with three selfish sisters talking on the phone a whole lot , kind of liking their father ( but not really ) and then finally realizing the error of their ways , while sharing an " emotional " moment about movie stars from the 50s . 
admittedly , i was not expecting much from a film whose television trailer features meg ryan screaming every two seconds and a big dog rolling its eyes , but even i was surprised at the level of ineptitude when it came to some of the acting efforts put forth in this film . 
chockfull of bad acting moments and provides less emotional satisfaction than any third - rate after - school special . 
her acting was amateurish at best . 
how junk like this gets made is beyond me , but happy am i that the ephron sisters will finally be dealt a professional blow , considering the regurgitation level of their material had just about reached its limit . 
chockfull of bad acting moments and provides less emotional satisfaction than any third - rate after - school special . 
joblo also likened this movie to a piece of cow dung flailing in the wind , so there ! 
but you have to sit through a snoozer plot that has the organization of a rorschach blot . 
the action scenes are cheesy in their grandeur though a little sluggish . 
the maneuver is not only disconcerting , but gives the movie a permanent logy , weighty feel . 
what a waste . when the talking and the plot points stop hurtling at you , godzilla 2000 does the job - it 's entertaining and goes down easy . 
the dubbing is nice and awful , with murata sounding like he 's in constant need of a cough drop . 
hiroshi kashiwabara and waturu mimura 's script crams in way too many details 
what a waste . when the talking and the plot points stop hurtling at you , godzilla 2000 does the job - it 's entertaining and goes down easy . 
boring . 
i would n't take kids to see it . 
blah , blah , blah . 
- this film is strange , but not really funny or biting . 
- some acting of grief is hammy and overdone . 
the satire is missing here . 
this was a real audience pleaser at toronto , but it did not do much for me 
- there are several logical holes in script . 
granted , the cast is hampered by their material . 
too many of the would - be shocks are fakeouts reliant on bombastic music cues , and the film 's chase scenes are riddled with the cliches that _ scream 
the recently resuscitated horror genre can not rely on the efforts one man -- namely , kevin williamson -- to stay alive . if other filmmakers continue to make such shoddy product as _ urban_legend _ , the genre looks to once again go the way of screen slashers ' many victims . 
waiting_to_exhale _ , is saddled with the ridiculous role of a pam grier - worshiping campus security guard . 
the setup shows promise , but the story never takes off , due in large part to horta and the director , the aptly named jamie blanks , who fires round afer round of his namesake in terms of suspense and scares . 
banks and horta 's ( intentional ) attempts at humor are also lame ; 
_ urban_legend _ , which takes a promising premise and runs it through a predictable meat grinder of idiocy . 
any day ove the dreadfully stiff and uncharismatic witt , whose inept attempts at emoting were often met with laughter 
the filmmakers do n't get much help from their onscreen talent . 
ace ventura : when nature calls is a painful reminder of just how grating the rubber - faced comic can be when allowed to perform within an uncontrolled environment . 
just mugs away , playing for the camera even when most of it is n't funny . 
if anything , the inexplicable presence of simon callow ( four weddings and a funeral ) and bob gunton ( the shawshank redemption ) suggests that working with carrey is the classical actor 's ultimate challenge . 
though an arguable improvement over the original , ace ventura : when nature calls is still a snooze for anyone over the age of ten . 
99 at wal - mart ) ; a mere two weeks before carrey 's return in this marketwise , but misfired comedy . 
the script is virtually devoid of wit . 
he may have been brilliant under the direction of joel schumacher , in batman forever , but , here , left to his own devices , carrey quickly wears out his welcome . 
just mugs away , playing for the camera even when most of it is n't funny . 
given the absurdism of its would - be plot , it 's unlikely that " original sin " could have been turned into a reputable piece of filmmaking , regardless of writer , director or stars . 
the result is a vapid , uninteresting morass of obvious crosses and double crosses , as likely to incite a yawn as a thrill . 
this is , at its heart , b - movie junk : a lurid melodrama which appeals to neither the brain nor the heart but to the nether regions . 
that said , " original sin " could at least have become enjoyable junk had the filmmakers embraced its trashiness and indulged in it . 
it looks like an excerpt from an amateur soft porn show . 
this is , at its heart , b - movie junk : a lurid melodrama which appeals to neither the brain nor the heart but to the nether regions . 
cristofer does n't even manage to capture the allure of cuba ; instead of portraying his setting as a steamy , sensuous island paradise , it appears bland and lifeless . at least banderas and jolie manage to inspire some interest ; there are hints at times that they want to have more fun with the script , but are n't being given the chance . 
you 'll wince , you 'll groan , you 'll grouse , " have n't we seen this guy killed twice before ? 
" 's source ( and its initial title ) , this messy melange of culture - clash drama and brutal warfare feels empty and sluggish - sorta like " braveheart " without any of the passion . 
" 's source ( and its initial title ) , this messy melange of culture - clash drama and brutal warfare feels empty and sluggish - sorta like " braveheart " without any of the passion . 
all this clutter receives stunning visual treatment courtesy of cinematographer peter menzies 
it is n't the end until audiences have witnessed a half - baked romance , murky political intrigue , veteran actor omar sharif ( " funny girl " ) dropping by in a cameo role and a climactic " indiana jones and the temple of doom " -esque chase through the villains ' underground lair . 
we get no feel for the miracle 
the red violin " is a cold , sterile feature that leaves you uninvolved and detached . 
the red violin " promises much , but delivers little . 
it is dull at times , a bit pretentious and a might murky . 
however director francois girard fails to make any emotional connection with the viewer . 
when you 're supposed to be asking , " what 's going to happen next ? " , you 'll instead entertain thoughts like " who are these people and why should i care ? 
a few nifty explosions , some fights , any kind of action whatsoever - only rarely makes it to this dull gabfest . 
plot hardly escapes confusing convention . 
they are julie , pete and linc , reformed delinquents working undercover for the lapd ( exposition put out of the way so fast that you 're likely to be lost from the opening moments on ) , and they are respectively played by claire danes , giovanni ribisi and omar epps , talented actors each deserving of better than this . 
their plight involves standard cop - corruption stuff , as our would - be protagonists catch wind of an internal cover - up after their superior ( reliable dennis farina , one of the best things here and gone so quickly ) gets killed and framed for drug trafficking . 
all this sloppiness can be attributed to the screenwriters , one of whom , scott silver , is also the director . 
subplot so see - through you begin to seriously question her so - called intelligence 
well , said " squad " certainly wo n't be a pleasant viewing experience for them or anybody else , maybe even the teen target audience the movie has been geared towards . 
characters are non - existent ; present are just some good - looking young things modeling cool levis and cooler attitudes . 
they must think that if they dress up their stupid story in such spiffy trappings ( the look of the film is really quite impressive ) , it 'll somehow pay off , but this " mod squad " plods anyway . 
this movie was n't even funny or fun to watch like the wrestling on tv . 
script is important to a film but this piece of crap could have been made with a couple of scribblings on a napkin . 
the wcw sucks and this movie is just a pathetic two - hour commercial to watch it . 
it 's not funny ; it 's pathetic and brainless . 
it 's utterly ridiculous . 
it is possibly the most useless and under - developed film ever . 
the movie makes many attempts at humor , only a few of them work . 
the movie was too dim - witted to be funny . 
he has to do crap like this and be a spokesman in those dumb 1 - 800-call - att ads . 
the music was bad 
the flick was filled with stupid potty humor about farts and toilets . 
the whole film was a wasteful , dumfounding experience . 
the jokes that make you laugh , however , do not outnumber the film 's many duds . 
do n't waste your money . 
? everyone looks ugly in this movie . 
yeah , right . 
the fades were either awkward or cliche or to self important . 
this is the worst movie that i have seen in years . 
there were a few scenes that tried to be great scenes that tried too hard and just fell flat . 
catherine o'hara and jobeth williams are always good and totally wasted here . 
this movie was boring , slow , boring , and slow . 
can you say poor editing 
the movie is torture to sit through . 
her dialogue sucks . 
the scenery is boring . 
though quite cute as a romantic comedy , the pallbearer is paced like a funeral march . 
, most viewers will have either fled or fallen asleep . 
the characters act , react , and interact at half - speed , making for one * excruciatingly * long sit . 
but he is n't as funny as he has been in the past . 
somewhere " saving silverman " was meant to be a good movie , and it could have been , but alas in the end it was n't . 
" saving silverman " is a good example of a good comedy gone bad 
" saving silverman " is a perfectly bad movie in more ways than one . 
jason biggs right off the flop " loser " does an ok job playing silverman , but he is stale and flat at times . 
speaking of script , hank nelkan 's choppy script is not only badly written , but not funny enough even for an episode of sesame street . 
speaking of script , hank nelkan 's choppy script is not only badly written , but not funny enough even for an episode of sesame street . 
it falls flat on it 's face 
it has a bad script and is all together a bad movie . 
although it boasts a bigger budget and familiar stars , the remake of " gone in sixty seconds " is relatively weak and dull . 
the lack of action is a waste of the premise , which should have challenged the filmmakers to create the most spectacular car chases ever . 
it 's a shame to waste it in glitzy , superficial tripe 
in " gone " he seems to be aiming for a drama about two brothers who ca n't communicate with each other , but that goal just does n't mesh with this plot . 
but the big chase does n't live up to the long wait . 
" gone " either takes itself too seriously or not seriously enough . 
the weak script is a waste of a talented cast . 
much as i like cage , for every good picture he does ( " leaving las vegas , " " bringing out the dead " ) , there are two major stinkers ( " snake eyes , " " con air , " " 8 mm , " " city of angels " ) . 
is none the better for it . 
martin 's bilko is a pale imitation . 
there is not one laugh in the film . 
it was obviously made on a hollywood back lot and looks every bit like it . 
if it was a love story , there was absolutely no emotional pull . 
how bad is this movie ? 
the major problem with ` eye of the beholder ' is that the film jerks forward , always unsure of its ultimate destination . 
if it was a thriller , there was little to keep us entranced . 
completely disjointed in structure , it 's only saving grace was its stylish look which reminded me of my favorite car commercial ( the one where the ` 6 ' on the tachometer dissolves into a winding road and a passenger rail car dissolves into a small miniature on a child 's train set ) . 
the major problem with ` eye of the beholder ' is that the film jerks forward , always unsure of its ultimate destination . 
after watching this inane exercise of a movie , i certainly feel that i 've miraculously walked away unscathed after a two - hour ride that mercilessly careens back and forth before finally plummeting into an icy pond . 
beyond that , the film is hopelessly out - of - control and is in need of seriously better traction and handling . 
after watching this inane exercise of a movie , i certainly feel that i 've miraculously walked away unscathed after a two - hour ride that mercilessly careens back and forth before finally plummeting into an icy pond . 
bad . that one word seems to pretty much sums up beyond the valley of the dolls . 
meyer casts a gorgeous playmate with a rack to kill for and who obviously has no acting talent at all , but her nude scenes are the biggest disappointment of all . 
this movie stinks out loud . 
this goes along with the rest of the idiotic thinking in the movie . 
there are a couple of other idiotic subplots thrown in for good measure , but the fame is the one that pretty much sums up this thing . 
i do n't know , but all the big words in the world would n't be able to disguise the bad writing and even worse acting . 
but the wretched dialogue goes along well with the wretched quality of everything else in this movie . 
the only thing that i can say about this movie is that you should stay away from it . 
to be honest , as i sat through this movie mesmerized by just how incredibly awful it was 
that was a huge disappointment , i pretty much wasted two hours of my life on this turkey . 
meyer casts a gorgeous playmate with a rack to kill for and who obviously has no acting talent at all , but her nude scenes are the biggest disappointment of all . 
i almost got up to check my sound system to see if it was broken , there was such a pile of crap emanating from the speakers . 
right from the opening credits , i knew that i had a class - a bomb on my hands . 
there is nothing redeeming here . 
this is a movie that should be avoided at all costs . 
the dialogue is so incredibly bad that it literally is funny in parts . 
" ( add two scenes with sunlight shining through some half - open shades for grit and integrity , and an all - out rainfall for the finale for further chaos , and you 're a great director . yawn . 
it 's as action - packed as a canadian curling tournament 
in short , a clich ? -ridden formula film . 
otherwise , save yourself the trouble and go take a crap instead . 
please . see it on video if you wanna fall asleep after seeing a much better movie like an officer and a gentleman ( 8 . 5/10 ) . 
critique : by the numbers 
and are n't we all sick of hearing about these army " bad boys " and their overdone " code of silence " ? ! enough already ! 
a film which is packed to the cap with predictability , leading to very little tension , excitement , suspense or interest on the part of its paying audience . 
other scenarios which sponge out any tension , suspense or interest from this film include every single character eventually " breaking down " to the investigators without much reason given , a ridiculously placed background relationship between two of the lead characters , as much action as my grandparents bedroom nightly , and a directorial style that can only reward director simon west with a solid nomination for the " best poor man 's michael bay doing his best poor man 's impression of tony scott 
other scenarios which sponge out any tension , suspense or interest from this film include every single character eventually " breaking down " to the investigators without much reason given , a ridiculously placed background relationship between two of the lead characters , as much action as my grandparents bedroom nightly , and a directorial style that can only reward director simon west with a solid nomination for the " best poor man 's michael bay doing his best poor man 's impression of tony scott 
it 's unfortunate because james woods and john travolta actually have one extremely enjoyable scene together near the beginning of the film , but alas , t'was not to be 
other scenarios which sponge out any tension , suspense or interest from this film include every single character eventually " breaking down " to the investigators without much reason given , a ridiculously placed background relationship between two of the lead characters , as much action as my grandparents bedroom nightly , and a directorial style that can only reward director simon west with a solid nomination for the " best poor man 's michael bay doing his best poor man 's impression of tony scott 
a film which can easily be guessed out by the end of frame number one . 
it is so predictable that even a blind man could see its plot points coming a mile away . 
the sluggishly paced 
( 113 minutes ) , but an unfunny bore , and murphy can do little to juice up the proceedings ; cleansed of both the attitude 
_ and _ comic sensibility that made him a star ( g is , for the most part , a straight man ) , he is a curiously lifeless presence . 
holy_man _ is not only slow and overlong 
first of all it 's a plot heavy mess that has bad voice talents , badly written script and fantastic animation . 
for those parents and/or brothers and sisters who have to sit through this . . . bring a pillow . 
now it 's up to ash and his friends to stop this pokemon entei and show him to be a good pokemon rather than a bad one . too bad really that this is a bad movie , surprisingly the first movie was entertaining and somewhat absorbing , the second was a piece of trash and this one is almost in between . 
it has some good qualities ( animation , message in the end ) but the flaws seem to overpower the goods 
" pokemon 3 : the movie " has a lot of bad things in it . 
these are of about equal quality to what you might observe on a nintendo 64 video game . 
unfortunately , the same can not be said of his first star vehicle , firestorm , which is just plain awful . 
the action sequences , which include a variety of chases , are occasionally interesting , but never invigorating . 
firestorm is a collection of howlingly bad lines set against a backdrop of disaster movie clich ? 
to put it kindly , this is not a well - written motion picture . 
the general consensus seemed to be that , although the movie sucked , the promotional key ring was cool . 
i already have one entry for my bottom 10 list . 
unfortunately , that 's firestorm 's lone asset , and it falters near the end , when computer - generated special effects fill up the screen . 
as the sadistic creep who must be killed twice to really die , william forsythe lacks panache . he 's worse than a generic bad guy ; he 's a boring generic bad guy who does n't have any snappy one - liners to hurl at our big burly hero . 
there are many problems with starship troopers . 
when the brain bug sucks out a character 's brain near the end of the film , it 's merely an analogy for what the film has done to us . 
the characters are one - dimensional , so much so , that when dizzy is killed , she says it 's ok because she got to sleep with rico . 
finally , the fake " ads " become a nuisance . 
the plot , where one exists to drive the movie onwards , is silly 
the dialogue is embarassing and is n't helped by the frequently terrible delivery 
in addition , the first thirty minutes of the movie ( until the characters sign up for service ) drag on like a bad episode of beverly hills , 90210 . 
. it stinks . 
verhoeven appears to be trying to make a movie employing the elements that made a robocop a success , but fails spectacularly . 
nobody will watch this movie for the plot , but here 's a brief synopsis anyway . 
starship troopers has a bad script , bad acting , and a " plot " that serves only to allow lots of violence and gore 
but this is my problem . 
the rest of the plot closely resembles a freak show gone horribly astray 
the music score is poorly edited into the film , so it is often choppy , rough , and abrupt . 
can test one 's patience . 
most importantly , though , the director would have to patch up the plot and make it flow better so that the two hours are n't such a bore 
often similar to a little boy lost in a park that he had no right venturing into , the call of the oboe ( o toque do oboe ) is a disappointing film that seems to have wandered astray . 
this translation flaw is best highlighted at the beginning of the film when what seems to be a relevant fight is filled with dialogue , but the subtitles are limited to fewer than 25 words . 
in addition , the pace of the film seems uneven . 
technically , this film is a nightmare . 
the lighting is poor at best , which makes it increasingly difficult to focus on many scenes , and the english subtitles are full of misspelled words , and are often absent presumably on the assumption that the audience will be able to understand some simple portuguese and spanish phrases . 
it is a travesty on nearly every level , and has the authority to sink the careers of nearly everyone involved . 
you 're not a bad director , but you ca n't change a terrible script 
all of this undercuts the plot , of which there is none . 
but it is clueless as to what it is about , and only succeeds in transferring same cluelessness to us poor viewers . 
. alas , you find yourself watching , incredulously , _ hope floats _ . 
in a movie like this , you notice the strings being pushed , and you sit there , comatose , hoping it will end . who can survive such a debacle ? 
but she 's such a good actress , that it staggers the mind that she 's weighed down by such lukewarm material here 
outside of this , there are other sure signs of screenwriters block . 
but , poor moviegoer , you have been conned 
oh , woe . your hope has sunk . 
, you could have shaved off ten - minutes of this almost unbearable debacle . 
gwyneth paltrow , who was recently delightful and appealing in sliding doors , is simply awful here . 
unfortunately , in a perfect murder , the faults are often so overt that we become aware of them as they 're happening . 
not only are these individuals all profoundly dislikable , but they 're not interesting . 
unfortunately , instead of updating the script , ironing out some of the faults , and speeding up the pace a little , a perfect murder has inexplicably managed to eliminate almost everything that was worthwhile about dial m for murder , leaving behind the nearly- unwatchable wreckage of a would - be ' 90s thriller . 
this is a very bad sign . 
steven , emily , and david are all lifted directly from the screenwriting 101 text book on stereotypes . 
it 's just that remaking hitchcock , and doing it so badly 
a perfect murder is a plodding production that generates almost no suspense from beginning to end . 
the actors in this film are obviously just on hand to get their paychecks . 
it 's surprising to see director andrew davis , the man behind the fugitive , involved in this mess 
the thin supporting cast includes david suchet , the star of " poirot , " as a police inspector , and sarita choudhury ( kama sutra ) as emily 's best friend . 
of course , in the case of a perfect murder , at least that gives an audience member something to do besides concentrating on the inane plot and the lifeless , cardboard characters . 
unfortunately , instead of updating the script , ironing out some of the faults , and speeding up the pace a little , a perfect murder has inexplicably managed to eliminate almost everything that was worthwhile about dial m for murder , leaving behind the nearly- unwatchable wreckage of a would - be ' 90s thriller . 
there are better ones around . 
bilko ( frankly , i have not seen any its original tv version ) , even with the charm and wild antics of funnymen steve martin and dan akroyd ; failed to entertain . 
the current trend in mixed successes in such tv - conversions may be a blessing in disguise , really ; at least it will force hollywood to re - think any of its initial intentions to turn another tv - idea into a movie or at the very least approach those ideas with more creativity . unless you are a fan of the tv - series or love to watch steve martin in action , you can skip this one when deciding which movie to catch in the local theatres . 
there are really not enough laughter - packed - moments in sgt . 
the characters are thinly drawn people who leave no connection with the audience . 
in the end , however , the new " psycho " is a noble attempt , but , alas , a dismal failure . 
sadly , that did not occur . 
mortensen turns in one of the most uptight performance in recent memory . 
the rest of the movie is a run of the mill werewolf flick with some extra gore thrown in for good measure . 
the acting is n't great and neither is the writing . 
and since they are more or less the highlight of the film , there are far better choices out there if you want a scary movie to curl up with your sweetheart to watch . 
but the mix of the comedic moments with the melodrama was so bad ; the intended humor was lost on me . 
it just was n't scary . 
not funny ; tiresome . 
and yet , while watching bad boys , which its glamorous photography and impossibly exact stunt choreography , i felt fed up . 
capsule : annoyingly unentertaining , obvious and paper - thin buddy / cop / drug / sexy - witness movie . 
martin lawrence is a different story ; he 's so uptight and verbally constipated 
bad boys is a dry run -- and overlong , too , clocking in at just over two hours with a lot more by - play than i felt could be justified . 
the cops in this movie are will smith and martin lawrence , and the bad guy is the immensely underutilized tcheky karyo . 
this leads to some strained scenes about lawrence 's " not getting any " , and some totally unneccesary bits with him skulking around his own house , thinking his partner is now his wife 's " back door man " . 
fourth ( and , unfortunately , not the final ) installment in the death wish series , will probably remembered as the typical movie of cannon group , production company responsible for some of the worst cinematic trash of the last decade . 
there are even some half - hearted attempts of humour - both intentional and unintentional , like in a scene where kersey assassinates mob figures by a wine bottle - but the quality of this movie is still far away from bronson 's 1970s classics . 
they still look cheap and repetitive and downright boring 
paul kersey , one of the most intriguing ( and potentially controversial ) characters of the 1970s , is still being dumbed down by mediocre script , and charles bronson really does n't feel the need to put much effort in his acting . 
and i 'm sure as hell not going to pay three more bucks to watch half of a bad movie . 
i guess he was too busy contemplating why he was appearing in his third bad movie in a row 
but i can at least get a partial review out of it , because i saw enough to know this one was n't worth finishing in the first place . 
but like i said , i saw enough to know this would be one of those terrible melodramas about the isolation of people who have superior abilities and how hard it is for those people to assimilate themselves into mainstream civilization . 
three decades of crap 
it all adds up to a really terrible movie that made me laugh in plenty of places i was n't supposed to and grimace in places i was supposed to laugh . 
, you quote the final line of the movie to that person : " what do i have to do to get out of it ? 
because , you see , fair game is not only a showcase for recycled action cliches and terrible acting , but also some seriously bad dialogue . 
it 's one of those movies that 's so bad it 's absolutely hilarious , 
one more thing fair game has against it is some awful comic relief . 
there 's absolutely nothing original about this movie . 
it 's just not funny . 
it 's all completely predictable . 
the film will work just as well as a silent movie . chronicling the meaningless lives of vain , yuppie types , the movie covers the same ground as the wilt stillman films ( last days of disco , barcelona and metropolitan ) but without any of his acerbic wit and the inviting style of his writing . 
first - time writer shana larsen makes the mistake of creating a couple of dozen characters and not giving any of them any depth . 
typical of the shallow couples in the movie are kevin ( paul rudd ) and his friend and 
she dares him to go immediately to a bathroom stall and have sex with her , which turns out to be neither erotic , funny or successful -- rather like the rest of the story . 
the movie itself is so forgettable that by the time you reach your car in the parking lot , all trace of the film will have vanished from your mind , which is probably the best thing that can be said about the movie . 
should the sound system malfunction during your viewing of 200 cigarettes , do not panic . the film will work just as well as a silent movie . chronicling the meaningless lives of vain , yuppie types , the movie covers the same ground as the wilt stillman films ( last days of disco , barcelona and metropolitan ) but without any of his acerbic wit and the inviting style of his writing . 
the fact that sam and annie will finally meet is so excruciatingly obvious that everything else is perfunctory . 
sleepless in seattle is full of wonderful performers ; from its two leads to supporting stars like bill pullman and rosie o'donnell . but none of them can save the film from being a bore . 
it 's the kind of life decision that real people do n't make , and its a major , unforgivable plausibility sacrifice . 
a hollow , boring romance that should appeal only to the most gullible of viewers ; the ones willing to buy into ephron 's whiny views of life and romance . 
but it 's a hell of a shame when someone botches it as badly as nora ephron botched sleepless in seattle , 
its characters are dull and empty , its script is n't funny or particularly charming . 
but it 's a hell of a shame when someone botches it as badly as nora ephron botched sleepless in seattle , 
and dragging . 
i know a movie isn''t keeping my interest when i fidget in my seat or feel the need to look at my watch only to find that it 's only been an hour passed . 
terry gilliam has a certain style that i realize many appreciate , and i have n't watched his previous work brazil , but this movie felt like it took too long to tell and yet when one realizes the end is near because it is very easy to figure out , you wish it were more complex , and not to mention that the movie is depressing is the only reason why it did invoke emotion from me . 
although the movie is very thought provoking of us as a people , our future and the evilo in the world , as a story it is very confusing . 
the main problem is that " house on haunted hill " is not scary . to top off that huge disappointment , every actor was wasted and the script was completely ludicrous . 
the problem is that every character is not likable . 
if the annoying characters and hilariously bad dialogue were intentionally underdeveloped ( similar to " deep blue sea " ) , the goal for creating a creepy , suspenseful action film was completely missed . 
he spends the whole film whining about the spooky house in a tone so irritating and inappropriate , that he unintentionally begins to seem more evil than the house itself . waiting for pritchett to die , was a strenuously difficult act to sit through . 
the characters presented are so annoying and pathetic , that it is hard to cheer for them or scream them . 
the worst character in this film , or maybe in any film released this year , is chris kattan 's watson pritchett . 
this nonsense violence thrown out of nowhere is unfortunately the most refreshing part about this film . 
however , rush is pretty much wasted in a confusing subplot involving a hateful marriage with evelyn price , played by famke janssen . 
the film is neither scary nor unpredictable . 
with the intent of being unfair and unpredictable , placing her heroine in the most diabolical of corners in order to face up to impending adulthood , breillat 's extreme flourish of sadistic tawdriness reveals her as a master purveyor of contempt . 
this grotesque oversimplification of awkward forays into passion may be quickly forgotten , remembered only as cold , boring , philosophically arid , and incompetently photographed . 
if one is inspired to rescue this young performer and place her in a better movie , at least she fares better than the other young talent asked to perform in intense love scenes that might feel justified if they were n't so dramatically misguided . 
this is done almost entirely in an unbroken master shot that suggests unimaginative camerawork more than unblinking voyeurism . 
gender be damned , she 's borderline inept . 
the hyperviolent climactic sequence proves so extraordinarily misguided that i honestly wondered whether breillat had thrown in an impromptu dream sequence . 
for children , dealing with trauma and pain is complicated . to bury that in sarcasm and academic theory feels cheap 
reboux commands the screen , but there 's only so much a child actress can do recounting pretentious monologues to herself . 
fat girl is a bitter pill indeed . 
too often , however , a sleepy silence ensues among the viewers as they wait for the story to pickup again . 
there are all of those dead spots in - between . 
and the motion picture , which runs the standard length for a kids ' movie , still feels too long . 
paulie is a movie that never quite lives up to its promise but manages to charm nevertheless . 
the bad news is that her part is confined to the first half . 
and as a revenge movie , it is a crushing bore . 
the female characters fare even worse under the inaudacious screenplay and direction by bob clark . 
one of the most offensive things about , " porky 's , " is how jaw - droppingly inaccurate the film is about teenagers . 
it is cheap , idiotic , unfunny , and not nearly as raunchy as i had heard it was . 
most people from that era would want to bury deep in a grave . 
any of the john hughes pictures , such as 1984 's " sixteen candles , " or , 1985 's " the breakfast club , " put , " porky 's , " at an even greater shame . 
well , here 's a distasteful , thoroughly amateurish item 
after just viewing the film for the first time , my primary question is how did anyone with an iq north of 35 enjoy this movie ? 
one of the most offensive things about , " porky 's , " is how jaw - droppingly inaccurate the film is about teenagers . 
porky 's , " ultimately manages to fail on almost every possible level . 
there is no way to tell if parsons or cattrall are servicable actresses ( even though i have the suspicion they are not ) , but one thing is for sure : they are asked to do things in this film that are not at all funny , only humiliating . to prove how out - of - touch this so - called comedy is , compare it to other more serious 80 's films about teenagers , and it looks even worse in comaprison . 
all of the jokes are predictable and fall flat . 
just the thought that someone would actually sit down to write such a piece of garbage , and think that it was actually a film worth releasing unto the unsuspecting world , is actually a whole lot funnier than anything in , " porky 's . 
there is no way to tell if parsons or cattrall are servicable actresses ( even though i have the suspicion they are not ) , but one thing is for sure : they are asked to do things in this film that are not at all funny , only humiliating . to prove how out - of - touch this so - called comedy is , compare it to other more serious 80 's films about teenagers , and it looks even worse in comaprison . 
i agreed to go . ugh . 
but the material is so fowl 
the story is crap , the jokes are hokey and not really funny , and the actors have to struggle to make it interesting . 
a russian mob is tossed into the plot somewhere ( how come in every hokey 
huh ? 
the stupid plot concerns a father who just learns he has a son from his current marriage . 
big question to get from this film : why would someone want to remake what was billed as one of the worst films of all time if they 're just going to do it the exact same way ? 
thing ( played with an emphasis on over - done by lolita davidovitch , who is usually good ) . 
but then in the second act , the mood of the film abruptly changes 
forty minutes later , the mood changes once more , and it becomes a dumbed down version of " lord of the flies " where an isolated community is discovered , where their moral code touts maintaining a sense of bliss at all costs . 
consequently , the audience has an equally difficult time trying to keep up . 
etienne is about as exciting as fluffy , white sand . 
but the film meanders so tremendously that its entire purpose becomes blurred . 
the beach " is a structurally confusing film that i can only describe has having multiple personality disorder . 
this particular plot point is weak at best because there is absolutely no question in my mind that francoise will wind up with richard . 
by the time it 's over , you can only scratch your head and wonder what this film was really meant to be about . 
the seams of last - minute edits to mighty joe young show - unrelated scenes are patched together with quick dissolves . 
and while this latest entry is inoffensive and watchable , it 's also an assembly line product through and through , lacking the charm and unpredictability of the jungle serials that partly inspired it . 
underwood ( tremors , speechless ) was perhaps not the director for the job ; even the plentiful , untamed landscape looks dull in his hands . 
" theron ( so good in devil 's advocate ) and paxton ( so good in the recent a simple plan ) are fine actors , but not fine enough to transcend the material , a paint - by - numbers script from the hack writers of superman iv and mercury rising . 
the plot arguably borrows more from steven spielberg 's the lost world than the 1949 original , with the computer - generated t - rex - i mean , joe - wreaking havoc on the busy streets for an encore ; the storytelling becomes especially lazy during this final third , with jill shouting , " look , joe 's headed for the movie theatre ! " followed by a shot of joe scaling mann 's chinese theater ; a moment later , jill shouts again something like " look , joe 's headed for an amusement park ! " and what do you know , there 's joe at the pallisades carnival , scaring the bejesus out of innocent thrillseekers . 
the saddest part about the film has nothing to do with what shows up onscreen ; it 's that swayze has to reduce himself to such work . 
but they fail at even this modest goal , for none of the highway chaos , as credibly staged as it is , is terribly interesting , let alone exciting . 
eight years later , moore and goldberg 's careers are n't exactly thriving , but they have had their share of screen successes since ; the same ca n't be said of swayze , who has just added yet another turkey to his resume with the aptly named black dog . 
i do n't know if it 's his judgment or the dearth of quality job offers that leads him to involve himself with bombs such as black dog . 
but the greatest problem of all is plot , or to be precise , the lack of plot . 
result is almost unwatchable mess , occasionally saved mostly by excellent acting ( elizabeth perkins was right on mark as wilma ) and one of the classic example of mortal hollywood disease known as " high concept " . 
some thirty six screenwriters made sure that the plot of the film is lame , original characters one - dimensional , and many elements of the story , like embezzlement and inter - office politics , totally incomprehensible for the little children , the main targeted audience of this film . 
unfortunately , problems with this film start with inadequate casting - rick moranis is too thin for the role of barney , while the cartoon betty used to be much skinnier than rosie o'donnell . 
after great hype , movie quickly sank into oblivion and the fans of the show returned to the animated version . 
did n't have the guts to take tom so far down the dark tunnel that he could n't come back . 
it promised to be something unusual . it was n't . 
in the last analysis , since " 8 mm " falls short of its pretensions and its promise , its just another private eye story in the raymond chandler / ross macdonald tradition of having the detective uncover the depravity behind the glossy facade of wealth and privilege . 
however , unlike other predictable fare in the genre - last year 's " twilight , " for example- " 8 mm " is especially disappointing because it could have been much more than it is . 
cage tries hard to pull it off , but the script does n't give him enough to work with . 
based on a teen book of the same name and , disappointingly , 
, an improbable plot , bad acting by the main bad actors , some more killing , concluding in a climactic scene , mostly climactic in the relief at the end of the movie . 
bad acting by a good actress ( anne heche ) 
all the while , the actors and actresses spout off bad lines , and main brunette male 
i know what you did last summer is a typical slasher flic without the smarts of the scream 's . 
count the illogical plot twists and bad lines for some fun . 
the lives of our protagonists have gone from annoying to bad . 
i mean this in the worst possible way . 
not dramatic , because it lacks the acting . 
elizabeth berkley makes a laughable try 
, excessive stupidity in the story line , gross negligence of the viewer 's intelligence , a prurient interest in the quick buck . 
a catastrophe . 
, excessive stupidity in the story line , gross negligence of the viewer 's intelligence , a prurient interest in the quick buck . 
occasionally , between his collection of mistakes and logical irrationalities , screenwriter joe eszterhas ( the creator of some of the worst screenplays in hollywood history ) inserts some lines of deep morality , that sound something like this : 
it is a total waste of time and money . 
i am a dancer " , she screams , but does it in such an over dramatized way that you 'll start laughing 
but in that case i suggest that you rent a porn film in your local video store , and not waste time surviving through eszterhas ' pathetic dialogue . 
obscene level of incompetence 
there is no story , script , point or acting . 
his attempt to go behind the scenes of las vegas , and as he put it " show the naked truth " , is simplified and unreal 
here is the so called plot 
in fact the acting in " showgirls " brings terrible to a new and previously unknown level . 
even with its paper - thin characters and ludicrous setups , hush manages to create a few thrills in a color - by - numbers fashion . 
a character that could have been simply awful is merely groan - worthy . 
but then , the film even treats the audience like idiots . 
the film is stuck with a clumsy dialogue and an overuse of symbolism , as it ends with nothing more to tell after the shock and the violent situation it created except to beat it into the ground . 
but the story is so filled with violence and its nyc setting looks like hell , that it 's hard to enjoy this film and to follow what the logic in the story is supposed to mean . 
it falls into the category of being a pretentious art - house film , leaving a bitter taste in one 's mouth as it stereotypes its characters and unintentionally further inflames the racial issues . 
i found it deplorable . 
all the cliches and the irritating plot devices could have easily been overcome by dreyfuss and crew . 
no , the script is plagued with so many clueless stereotypes and mean - spirited characters that i was in disbelief as i watched . 
they not only insult the audience , but they insult the types of people that the film portrays . 
in fact , it is only the expertise by which this excruciatingly bad script has been executed that keeps me from suggesting that you stay as far away from krippendorf 's tribe as possible . 
but the ridiculousness of the story is not really what is so bad about it . 
but we 're talking about the script from hell . 
fiercely unoriginal , director depalma cobbles together a film by borrowing heavily from what has gone before him . 
characters obsessively explain the obvious , explain their actions as they are doing them , explain to fellow astronauts facts which should be fundamental knowledge to them . 
interior spacecraft visuals are redolent of 2001 : a space odyssey . instead of using these components as a launching pad to create his own movie , de palma stops right there , refusing to infuse the film with anything even remotely resembling cleverness or heart . 
the film 's conclusion is momumentally derivative , anti - climatic and unsatisying . 
time and again , mcconnell is presented as some kind of wunderkind , which would n't be so bad if the rest of the crew did n't come across as so aggressivelly unremarkable . 
after a marketing windup of striking visuals and the promise of star caliber actors , mission to mars ends up throwing a whiffleball . 
by the time they land on mars and try to solve the mystery of what occurred , mission to mars starts laying on the cliches and stilted dialogue with a heavy brush . 
poor timothy hutton gets to deliver most of the corny lines , you have to admire the effort he puts into it , this guy deserves better . 
we get stupid heroes . 
it 's accomplished in just four easy to follow steps : crack open your skull , scoop out your brain , squish it under your foot several times and reverse steps two and one . 
this is a movie that is not just satisfied in ripping off other movies but feels the need to remind us of that fact every ten minutes . 
another prime example of the idiot hero syndrome 
for an enjoyable performance by timothy hutton , plot holes the size of godzilla , getting our intelligence insulted and several " oh come on ! 
this is the major problem with this movie , any mook could have thought of a hundred ways to make it better . 
then there 's playing god , which enters the esteemed category of movies which seem to have grown from the union of a drunk director , actors satisfied in the knowledge that this horrible flick will have no lasting impact on their careers and a bunch of rip - offs 
harsh ? maybe . justified ? hell yes ! 
congratulations , you now have all the necessary requirements to fully enjoy a whole lot of nothing . 
for an enjoyable performance by timothy hutton , plot holes the size of godzilla , getting our intelligence insulted and several " oh come on ! 
oooooo scary . 
michael ironside ( great as always , despite the silly film surrounding him ) plays a fallen priest and right hand man to michael york 's character . 
it comes out of nowhere and just makes no sense . 
my main problem with this film is that , despite the silly story ( which could have been pulled off . . . anything can be made believable if executed correctly ) , the events of the film are n't shown with any sense of urgency or importance . 
however , at the very beginning of the documentary the producers of the film managed to get on my bad side . 
" america 's sweethearts " has an intriguing premise and a great cast , but it is n't nearly as edgy or funny as it should be . 
such a good cast , such a waste of their efforts . 
placing two spoiled actors in a setting where image is everything is inspired , but the screenplay undermines the conceit . 
as a romance , it is at best a minor pleasure . 
he has little to work with 
all of which underscores how billy crystal and co - writer peter tolan screwed up their own premise 
almost all the problems with the project can be traced back to co - script writer billy crystal , who shows the same lack of discipline with the screenplay that he typically displays while co - hosting " comic relief " charity shows with robin williams and whoopi goldberg ( 
by the end of the film , all the lead performers participate in a huge fight with a room full of journalists looking on , but their outbursts are only mildly amusing because the structure has been destroyed . 
as a hollywood satire , " america 's sweethearts " is toothless . 
' alas , the hit ratio of the ongoing gags is about 20 to 1 in favor of not even cracking a slight giggle . 
there are so many tired plot additions . 
the actor , while usually downright charming , does n't know exactly where to take his character - a fault that again can be blamed on the hapless writers . 
younger viewers will likely be taken in by the abounding goofiness , but their adult companions may feel a wave of nausea sweeping over them as they attempt to endure this appalling 80-minute exercise in glaring stupidity . 
the movie is poorly edited , grossly manipulative , and the finished product resembles somewhat of a failed jigsaw puzzle . 
all the elements are there , but the manner in which director david kellogg pieces them together is laughable and trite . 
penny ( michelle trachtenberg ) and brain the dog now have little to do with the action , and chief quimby ( dabney coleman ) has lost considerable appeal in the transition of animation to live action . 
younger viewers will likely be taken in by the abounding goofiness , but their adult companions may feel a wave of nausea sweeping over them as they attempt to endure this appalling 80-minute exercise in glaring stupidity . 
i did n't mind everett 's performance , but his bumbling assistants will make every adult cringe with disgust . 
as bad as this movie is , it does have a certain charm in isolated scenes . 
in the title role , matthew broderick looks lost . 
do the folks at disney have no common decency ? 
the problem here lies solely in the script . 
they have resurrected yet another cartoon and turned it into a live action hodgepodge of expensive special effects , embarrassing writing and kid - friendly slapstick . 
well , it just does n't work 
he sports a shiny clamp instead of the steel glove , and seems far less interesting than the animated version . 
there are some genuinely clever inventions and gizmos introduced , but all of this imagination is wasted in a film that is visually cluttered and dramatically flat . 
what remains are hundreds of male extras costumed as gunslingers and foppish aristocrats , lots of female extras who look like can - can dancers , and a clunky , 80-foot tall instrument of destruction that resembles a mechanical tarantula . 
the script fails to generate any sense of drama , humor , or fun for that matter . 
there are some genuinely clever inventions and gizmos introduced , but all of this imagination is wasted in a film that is visually cluttered and dramatically flat . 
" worse still , the final battle scene aboard the mechanical tarantula is a horrid mess . 
in contrast , this film made me simmer in disappointment . 
although their individual talents must be combined to achieve success , their interaction with one another merely seemed like a second rate , two - man vaudevillian act . 
what remains are hundreds of male extras costumed as gunslingers and foppish aristocrats , lots of female extras who look like can - can dancers , and a clunky , 80-foot tall instrument of destruction that resembles a mechanical tarantula . 
i found myself groaning at this kind of silliness . 
as it turns out , " wild wild west " is the wild , wild worst and receives my vote for biggest disappointment of the year . 
towards the end , palmetto re - focuses on plot for the grand finale - - a confusing explanation involving impersonators , with woody harrelson handcuffed and suspended over a tub of acid as he hears the criminals ' confession . if you can imagine ' shemp ' from the three stooges playing the detective hero of an hbo ' lingerie suspense ' thriller , that 's how out of synch this movie feels . 
but palmetto is played like a dark , serious , detective noir drama , and watching harry 's bumbling confidence amounts to an irritating distraction . 
turns out , it 's all part of a needless , very puzzling , extremely elaborate and convoluted scheme 
opinion : palmetto is a long , uninteresting film with all the wrong feel . 
towards the end , palmetto re - focuses on plot for the grand finale - - a confusing explanation involving impersonators , with woody harrelson handcuffed and suspended over a tub of acid as he hears the criminals ' confession . if you can imagine ' shemp ' from the three stooges playing the detective hero of an hbo ' lingerie suspense ' thriller , that 's how out of synch this movie feels . 
so much for hopes . 
i kept thinking to myself , with the time arnold wasted making this turkey he could have been making an action picture . 
starring arnold schwarzenegger ; danny devito ; emma thompson & frank langella the only thing that you can say about junior is that it is a disappointment , and a big one at that . 
emma thompson is wasted here as well . 
unfortunately this is a movie that never should have been made . if you are tempted to see this film , do yourself a favor and go rent twins , a film that truly takes advantage of arnold schwarzenegger and danny devito 's comedic talents . 
am i being too hard on this film ? i do n't think so . 
better yet , with schwarzenegger , devito and reitman all in the same place at the same time , why did n't they make a sequel to twins ? anything would have been better than this mess . 
the sight of schwarzenegger running around going through the hormone imbalances that come with pregnancy , and the accompanying emotional swings , is not funny . 
but it was n't , schwarzenegger pregnant is goofy at best . 
schwarzenegger comes very close to embarrassing himself with these antics . 
danny devito is wasted in this movie . 
along the way , there are several obligatory gunfights , explosions , and car chases , plus a literal cliffhanger inspired by " jurassic park , " and a completely unconvincing romance between melvin and keiko ( who looks like she 's barely pushing fifteen ) . 
completely tone deaf when it comes to comedy . 
the irritation factor of phillips and dunne combined is almost off the scale , which can pretty much describe the film as a whole . 
there are scenes in " the big hit " that are so awful , they simply defy description . 
what the movie passes off as humor resorts to thoroughly unfunny jokes about overweight jewish mothers , hara - kiri , drinking problems , leaking body bags , and a running gag about how crunch has recently discovered the pleasures of masturbation , and now spends all his time doing hand exercises . 
instead , we are left with a lot of digital effects and mark wahlberg , who must have considered himself invincible after his critically - acclaimed performance in last year 's " boogie nights . " however , if he wants to maintain a decent career , he had better start selecting his projects more carefully - movies like this are a sure - fire recipe for a long career in the straight - to - video market . 
in addition to his vague characterizations and uninspired action sequences , ramsey 's script assaults the audience with his attempts to copy the vulgar , poetic rhythms of tarantino or mamet - style dialogue . 
unfortunately , there are no laughs . 
instead , we are left with a lot of digital effects and mark wahlberg , who must have considered himself invincible after his critically - acclaimed performance in last year 's " boogie nights . " however , if he wants to maintain a decent career , he had better start selecting his projects more carefully - movies like this are a sure - fire recipe for a long career in the straight - to - video market . 
along the way , there are several obligatory gunfights , explosions , and car chases , plus a literal cliffhanger inspired by " jurassic park , " and a completely unconvincing romance between melvin and keiko ( who looks like she 's barely pushing fifteen ) . 
the movie is infected with the same kind of blunderheaded idiocy and misplaced confidence that made " last action hero " ( 1993 ) such a chore to sit through . 
what he comes out with is just a lot of annoying blather , most of which spews from the lips of lou diamond phillips ( whose favorite phrase is " it 's all love " ) and robin dunne , who plays cisco 's stuttering , black - wannabe assistant . 
this mess of a movie was helmed by che - kirk wong , the latest hong kong director imported by john woo ( " face / off " ) , who also served as executive producer . 
many of the problems can be traced back to the script , which was penned by obvious freshman writer ben ramsey . 
like everyone else in the theater , i left the movie feeling that the trailers had duped me , because they made me want to watch this movie voluntarily . 
i recommend this movie to most over-18s who need some therapeutic mindless action to get over the weirdness of fargo or the hangover effect of leaving las vegas . 
the same goes for eraser , which is unfortunate for arnold schwarzenegger because coming so soon after what time magazine recently called " mission : unavoidable " ( on account of its worldwide mega - advertising blitz ) , eraser seems like a cheaper , less thoughtful imitation 
most the movie is comprised of recycled airplane and naked gun gags , recreated movie sequences , and soggy star cameos 
movies has finally reached a desperate dead - end with spy hard . 
the silence of the hams is arguably funnier than this over - extended spy- and action - movie spoof . 
beyond the hilarious title sequence with " weird " al yankovich performing the theme song , spy hard is barely the stock that it 's printed on . 
the jokes fly in every direction and with hardly a hint of restraint , timing , or tact . 
most the movie is comprised of recycled airplane and naked gun gags , recreated movie sequences , and soggy star cameos 
tim burton has now completed his evolution from the brilliant director of macabre stories about outcast individuals yearning for acceptance , and into a studio monkey whose name is used as part of multi - tiered marketing materials for crap movies . and here he hits rock bottom , with planet of the apes . 
this remake , or re - interpretation , as tim burton has proclaimed it , is an insult to the intelligence and wit of the original film . 
sadly 
the ethical arguments about the equality of species , fascism , and military buildup have been replaced by tremendous amounts of ridiculous dialogue , an unimaginative narrative structure , and a romance between a monkey and a human . 
the script is a pathetic hodgepodge 
in the end , it all culminates into another braveheart rip - off human versus ape battle scene . 
i was checking my watch and my girlfriend ( a big fan of the original film ) started to nod off . 
the acting is horrible , and the " surprise " ending feels like a swing from a ball - peen hammer into the temple . 
tim burton has now completed his evolution from the brilliant director of macabre stories about outcast individuals yearning for acceptance , and into a studio monkey whose name is used as part of multi - tiered marketing materials for crap movies . and here he hits rock bottom , with planet of the apes . 
the acting is horrible , and the " surprise " ending feels like a swing from a ball - peen hammer into the temple . 
i was checking my watch and my girlfriend ( a big fan of the original film ) started to nod off . 
the premise of this movie is , well , pretty far - fetched . 
the premise is not just far - fetched , it 's downright dumb . if this were a hong kong action comedy , we might just accept it , but it takes itself far too seriously to be truly fun 
the premise is not just far - fetched , it 's downright dumb . if this were a hong kong action comedy , we might just accept it , but it takes itself far too seriously to be truly fun 
if you can sneak into the theater without paying , go for it . otherwise , wait for video . 
a scene where grace confronts james after learning franklin 's true identity ( " you brought a killer into my parents ' house ! " ) is extremely silly . 
" the plot is recycled buddy - buddy comedy - thriller tripe that seemed overused even when " nothing to lose " employed it last month . 
the villains , as many as there are , are dull . 
i think i fall into the former category ( i 'm one of the few who thought his turn in " the fifth element " as a prancing , prince - like deejay was complete inspired lunacy and not the least bit aggravating ) , but his new vehicle " money talks " just does n't do him service 
obviously , i did not have a pleasant experience at " money talks . 
but you realize all too quickly that tucker 's overstated liveliness is the only thing " money talks " has going for it . 
then it goes nowhere with that idea . 
it utterly failed to go in any new directions after that , making the film a big disappointment . 
he fails to repeat that in this film . 
other performances in this film are really not worth much mention at all , and they generally are about as weak as their characters . 
there is perhaps one rather fleeting scene afterwards that deals with the potential trauma of this dehumanization , and the rest of the film is just some of the biggest action movie cliches 
other performances in this film are really not worth much mention at all , and they generally are about as weak as their characters . 
it utterly failed to go in any new directions after that , making the film a big disappointment . 
" soldier " , by director paul anderson , is a film in which any presence of originality is fleeting . 
his dialog is extremely limited . 
but instead of reaching for something truly interesting to end the film with , it goes for the old , shoot - em up , one guy vs . an army type of cinema 
the combat scenes , particularly the big one at the end , is incredibly unimaginatve . 
unfortunately 
in fact , most of the scenes are so ridiculously contrived that it seems everything is just a way to set up a fight . 
the acting is terrible . 
the plot and characters are so weak that they do n't hold the movie together at all , and 
this , combined with an obviously low production value made we want to turn away from the screen until i heard those kicks start flying . 
, even chan 's mastery ca n't save this film . 
it is stocked with the worst action film cliches , whose only purpose appears to be to pad the film out to its painfully long running time . 
it is stocked with the worst action film cliches , whose only purpose appears to be to pad the film out to its painfully long running time . 
but good stunt - work can not save a bottom - of - the - barrel action movie . 
snipes and harrelson , when they are n't using the dumb cliches that the script gives them , make an agreeable duo , and some of the stunt - work is indeed excellent . 
etc . etc . ) , and does n't help to add anything to the film . 
sadly , if this dismal , cliche ridden and mind - numbingly boring action pic is anything to go by , they have n't got a chance in hell of even coming close . 
but this is only one of money train 's problems . 
if you look at the script as if it was an action film , it lacks originality and suspense . 
it kept taking my attention from the film - not altogether a bad thing , i 'll grant you , as what was transpiring onscreen was n't that riveting . 
girl 6 is , in a word , a mess . 
the soundtrack , consisting of songs by prince , was jarring . 
other than that , though , nothing much happens . 
in the opening sequence and one scene later in the film , however , the music was particularly loud and distracting 
in this film , they just made me more confused . 
prince fans might love the soundtrack , but it will probably be distracting , even to die - hard fans . 
he had an interesting idea , a fairly good setup , and seemed to wander aimlessly from there . 
in girl 6 , though , he seems to be floundering . 
well , the action in this film falls flat - it is boring , repetitive and not at all exciting . 
that quantity was mostly provided by cannon group , prolific production company that dominated the b - movie market in previous decade by flooding it with cheap , formulaic and , more often than not , unwatchable genre products . 
the photography in this film is dark , setting is depressive and this forgettable piece of 1980s style cinema leaves viewers without any reason to justify the hour and half spent in watching it . 
well , the action in this film falls flat - it is boring , repetitive and not at all exciting . 
it is nothing more than monotonous series of scenes 
that quantity was mostly provided by cannon group , prolific production company that dominated the b - movie market in previous decade by flooding it with cheap , formulaic and , more often than not , unwatchable genre products . 
giving life to the flubber , which is so poorly executed that it 's best forgotten , and prof . 
i doubt that many people will find it all that great . 
the film lacks the emotional punch to pull the audience in at all . 
does little original and is nothing special in any respect . 
the whole scene with the basketball game was just atrocious and totally unbelievable . 
brainard ) seems to be half hearted for most of the movie and in many cases quite forced . 
the movie is rather shallow and does not compare very well to the original ( the absent minded professor ) . 
for the right crowd , the " music video " sequences will be the highlights of the film , but for others , they will serve as three - minute lulls in a hectic - but - overall - uneventful storyline . 
what makes the film bad is that extreme fans of the spice girls wo n't get enough of their music , while the rest of us do n't get enough of a movie . 
most of the film is very blas ? , but several parts are downright boring , and then they have those sporadic moments that actually make us laugh out loud ! 
it 's bad , but it succeeds in every way it intended . 
i think the studios were just trying to boost hype and interest in the film , and have instead , come off rather pretentious 
no matter how muddy the story -- or the heroine -- gets . 
also odd is the obvious dubbing . 
though we can stomach the mild plot contrivances 
maybe he was thinking that the dramatic weight of the story would overcome any casting deficiencies . 
the x - files is a dreadful movie and shows some fundamental problems with writer / creator chris carter 's talents and the relationship between cinema and television . 
after approximately forty - five minutes ( the length of a television episode minus the commercials ) , the pace drops to a snail 's crawl . 
first off , the screenplay by series creator chris carter is sloppy and cliched . 
by making explicit , what the television show left implicit , carter reveals the limits of his creativity and skill . 
the explanations are not only absurd , they are tired and unoriginal . 
3 . is the movie any good ? no . 
the explanations are so trite and ridiculous 
this is a major problem : they trot out token secondary characters from the series out for an appearance and then disappear just as quickly . 
the film goes on for over an hour and a half , through stupidity after stupidity , moronic twist after moronic twist , and soon there 's the little ironic ( ! ! ! ) 
turns into one mess of a french flick . 
this is shallow , unfunny , and pretty annoying to watch . 
i know it 's a completely different culture , and i 'm quite familiar with the french and their cinema , but this is just bad . 
the film moves at the pace of a snail , and is damn - near painful to watch . 
the actors do the best they can with the bad material , and victoria abril is pretty likable despite the script ( and the fact that she 's stupid enough to try to divide herself over two people when she has kids ) . 
the film moves at the pace of a snail , and is damn - near painful to watch . 
but it 's just a really crap film , and an example of an ill - advised distribution of a foreign film . 
the writing and directing is really the big problem with it . 
but " french twist " is just pretty lame . 
in altering each frame with quick - flash photography and dizzying , in - your - face editing , stone appears to have completely ignored the matter of plausible character development and football politics . 
` any given sunday ' is a watchable but disappointing sports film in which plot and characters take a back seat to excessive filmmaking technique . 
unfortunately , too many big names are wasted - a typical demise for a film with such a large and experienced cast . 
in return , a three - star film becomes unfortunately degraded 
many football fans ( including one i attended with ) are liable to be disappointed with the ` ultra - stylish ' way stone has decided to present the game . 
it grows tiresome and monotonous 
` any given sunday ' is a watchable but disappointing sports film in which plot and characters take a back seat to excessive filmmaking technique . 
the problem with the director 's visual approach is this : he uses extravagant editing devices when a more conventional approach would have been appropriate . 
` any given sunday ' is a visual kaleidoscope that leaves the audience in a frustrated stupor more frequently than it excites them . 
unfortunately , too many big names are wasted - a typical demise for a film with such a large and experienced cast . 
we see glimpses of greatness , but ` any given sunday ' has its agenda all tangled in technical gobbledy - gook . 
unfortunately , the director seems to have only one priority on his mind : sprucing up the film with an assortment of fancy camera maneuvers . 
all this mawkish interplay makes it almost too nauseating to watch . 
what comes next into play is some hollywood hokum , which is designed not to upset anyone , as joseph has a reassuring encounter with a real , live angel , a blond little boy his own age and dressed like him in the catholic school uniform who wears the innocuous smile of a goody - goody . 
this well - conceived but ultra sugary coming - of - age film is not for everyone , and i include myself as one of those who found it too sappy for my digestion . 
though if you look through the cleverness of both scripts , this director is loaded with hokum , all he has learned how to do , is hide the hokum better . 
this part of the film was the final straw for me , i could n't swallow any more goo . 
what comes next into play is some hollywood hokum , which is designed not to upset anyone , as joseph has a reassuring encounter with a real , live angel , a blond little boy his own age and dressed like him in the catholic school uniform who wears the innocuous smile of a goody - goody . 
so many things wrong with this movie -- where to begin ? 
bad movie syndrome struck me again , so after witnessing how much " battlefield earth " has been proclaimed a train wreck in both critical and popular circles , i felt the masochistic urge to see the disaster first - hand . is it as bad as advertised ? oh yes , very much so . 
this movie is an absolute headache . 
in fact , i 'd think that hubbard 's cult would want to distance themselves from this bomb as fast as possible . 
the movie , quite frankly , makes no sense . 
the whole package is funny when it wants to be serious and irritating when it wants to be funny . 
" bring a scorecard to track the plot holes . 
bad movie syndrome struck me again , so after witnessing how much " battlefield earth " has been proclaimed a train wreck in both critical and popular circles , i felt the masochistic urge to see the disaster first - hand . is it as bad as advertised ? 
the plot is incomprehensible . the acting is atrocious . the special effects are mediocre . the action is dull . the implausibilities are legion . the dialogue is cringe - inducing . 
here 's how much of a disaster this is : " battlefield earth " is already the worst movie of the year , and it 's going to take something really , really inept to top it . 
every one turned into an endless slow - motion parade that drains all potential excitement . 
the plot inconsistencies are too numerous to mention . 
" in the most distracting way possible , tilting nearly every shot sideways for no discernible reason . 
all that ridiculous cackling he did in the trailers is in full force here 
i really had no idea what the hell was going on 
they 're in " animal house " mode while the rest of the film trawls along and comes up empty . 
" peet shows some physical moves but no flair for comedy here while detmer slaps a brave , sweet smile onto her face and soldiers through . 
gross out gags include a visualization of darren getting butt cheek implants . 
lee ermey ( " full metal jacket " ) is one note in an embarrassing performance as a psychopathic ex - football coach . 
it 's a dismal , third - rate farrelly brothers rip off that attempts to milk humor from such inspired bits of whimsy as having darren 's love interest come from a family of circus freaks and be about to become a nun . 
this movie is also very predictable . . . 
another thing is that this movie has sections which are painfully stretched out . . . . and certain scenes are repeated essentially but with slight variations . 
the whole movie is really well done and looks really good and if one was to overlook the flaws in the plot and characters 
it gets boring at times to tell you the truth . . . 
also some of the things that happen are a little too predictable and several cliques are repeated . . . 
i found that after watching this movie it had many many gaps and flaws in simple logic in the plot 
go see it in a matinee if you really must see it its not worth full price if you ask me . 
things just magically happen and there is no prelude or anything of the sort 
the characters just do n't seem to add up . 
the acting is amateurish , the story is maudlin , and it has all the visual appeal of a bad home movie . grainy and overexposed , the movie 
the acting is amateurish , the story is maudlin , and it has all the visual appeal of a bad home movie . grainy and overexposed , the movie 
confusingly composed , the movie jumps about jarringly as it tells its story . 
toss out your usual objectivity , ignore how many times you checked your watch while viewing it , forget how unbearable it was to sit through , and find some meaningless way to compliment it . 
the lugubrious tale has paulina being raped and beaten . 
i felt trapped in the theater watching it . 
toss out your usual objectivity , ignore how many times you checked your watch while viewing it , forget how unbearable it was to sit through , and find some meaningless way to compliment it . 
confusingly composed , the movie jumps about jarringly as it tells its story . 
the acting is amateurish , the story is maudlin , and it has all the visual appeal of a bad home movie . grainy and overexposed , the movie 
the acting is amateurish , the story is maudlin , and it has all the visual appeal of a bad home movie . grainy and overexposed , the movie 
with such an unappealing set of characters , it 's no surprise that _ polish_wedding _ 's plot complications are far from involving . 
that scene is but one in a number of writing miscues by connelly . 
one wonders what exactly she originally had in mind for this jumbled film , a comedy - drama that 
inexplicably , as a profound statement in the film 's climax -- which , ironically , is funnier than any of the film 's lame attempts at humor , such as a painfully labored slapstick attempt where jadzia leads her sons in a charge to beat up russell . 
there 's some atrocious dialogue , which i am sure was not supposed to be as ridiculous as they sound : " look at all these pickles . 
" as misguided as _ polish_wedding _ is , the affair is something of a letdown , considering the strong performances by byrne , danes , and especially the fiery olin . 
her excuse for her affair is neglect from bolek , who is such a passive wimp that one can not connect with his sadness and frustration . 
appears doomed at its most basic elements . 
ho - hum . 
inexplicably , as a profound statement in the film 's climax -- which , ironically , is funnier than any of the film 's lame attempts at humor , such as a painfully labored slapstick attempt where jadzia leads her sons in a charge to beat up russell . 
this is a dreadful motion picture ? a lowbrow example of period piece comedy with terrible production values and an exceptionally poor laughs - to - jokes ratio 
it 's a disappointment to see something this dumb and ugly come from christopher guest , the brilliant comic force behind such films as this is spinal tap , the big picture , and waiting for guffman . 
as a foil for farley and an antidote to his runaway energy , perry lacks the necessary edge of the proverbial straight man . 
although guest gets the costumes right , this nearly - inconsequential success is no substitute for the weak script and unfunny execution . 
matthew perry , one of the stars of tv 's friends ( who had some modest success in the romantic comedy , fools rush in ) is badly miscast . 
as far as the supporting players go , none of them makes more than a fleeting impression . eugene levy is wasted , and kevin dunn is about as interesting here as he is in godzilla . frankly , 
farley fans who see this film as a way to say goodbye should be commended for their loyalty , since it takes real stamina to stay seated for the full running length of this cinematic torture session . 
as far as the supporting players go , none of them makes more than a fleeting impression . eugene levy is wasted , and kevin dunn is about as interesting here as he is in godzilla . frankly , 
this is a dreadful motion picture ? a lowbrow example of period piece comedy with terrible production values and an exceptionally poor laughs - to - jokes ratio 
this is a dreadful motion picture ? a lowbrow example of period piece comedy with terrible production values and an exceptionally poor laughs - to - jokes ratio 
this setup leads to a lot of shouting , a great deal of lunacy , and very few laughs . 
while some of the more outrageous attempts at humor may coax a few guffaws from 12-year old boys , the level of comedy in almost heroes falls far below the level of sophomoric . 
the story is painfully dull and mind - numbingly cliched 
( hands up who * would n't * guess he - man and skeletor take their fight into the real world ) and is acted out by either incredibly untalented actors ( dolph lundgren as he - man for one ) or good actors ( james tolkan , meg foster ) 
let 's be blunt : masters of the universe is a very bad movie . 
" blatant uninspired ripoff " would appear more appropriate . 
so in the face of such mindless sub - mediocrity , is there anything to make masters of the universe worth watching at all ? 
given such awful characters and dialogue that they ca n't help but seem terrible 
sadly , though , my fears were realized . 
, i lost all interest in the movie and was counting the minutes before it would end . 
this formula is repeated several times , and i really got tired of it . 
the movie begins to go downhill , however , once gia becomes an established model . 
it all seemed so excessive . 
quite frankly , i do n't see the appeal , so when a director shows me a point - of - view shot of a junkie , complete with tipsy camera angles and echoing voices , i am left somewhat unimpressed . 
no because it offends me or anything like that ; it just bores me . 
and by the end of the film , all i knew about gia for sure was that she hated modelling , was bi - sexual , and was heavily into drugs . not exactly a meaningful contribution to society , as far as i 'm concerned . 
the level of violence in home alone 3 is extreme ? 
only none of the falling flakes looks remotely believable . 
now , inexplicably , hughes has exhumed not only these worn - out plot elements , but the " home alone " name as well . the result ? 
( edging out speed 2 and batman and robin ) , home alone 3 . by changing the characters , hughes ( who wrote and co - produced the film ) , along with his co - conspirator , director raja gosnell , has attempted to inject new life into a series that is way past the point of cardiac arrest . 
i ca n't imagine anyone with a reasonable attention span being more than momentarily distracted by this pointless adventure . 
not only is home alone 3 unnecessary , but it 's offensive . it 's an exercise in tediousness , and there is n't a genuine laugh to be found from the beginning to the end ( unless , by some strange quirk of fate , you have missed every 1990s movie associated with john hughes , and thus have n't seen this stuff before ) . 
he began recycling the same kinds of villains and situations in almost every movie he was involved with , including a pathetic box office bomb called baby 's day out , last year 's live - action 101 dalmatians , and this year 's flubber . 
the villains , pale copies of joe pesci and daniel stern , are even less engaging than the pair of idiots in flubber . 
in fact , the production values are so shoddy that there are some scenes in the midst of this near - blizzard when a shining sun can be seen . 
1997 's worst sequel 
these are far worse . 
through a series of coincidences too irritating to relate , a top secret u . s . 
the movie is a medley of clutter , confusion and wrong decisions around every corner . 
evil clones appear and vanish and have no connection to the film 
there 's some footage about a lot of other things that either do n't make sense or make even less sense 
the effects are second - rate . 
this is one of those times where the whole is less than the sum of the parts especially since some of the parts appear to be missing . 
there 's probably a reason for all of this , but we 'll never know it 
it feels like major portions of the film are missing . 
admittedly there are a few humorous sexual puns in the film , but there 's no chemistry and the repartee is anything but clever . 
then it becomes goofy . 
. remarkably ineffective giant flying robot wasps with machine guns in their belly come from nowhere for no good reason . 
the action scenes are difficult to follow . 
fiennes fares even less well 
there 's some sloppy cutting , too , and in a few instances shots even appear out of order . 
still , as one of this century 's great science - fiction novels , some fans and perhaps the late herbert himself would argue that dune deserved a better fate in its transfer to the screen . 
ships coming and going , soldiers coming and going ) is at times clearly out - of - context 
david lynch took a brave stab at it and , partly due to forces beyond his control , ended up with an officially released version that fails in several key respects . 
the film 's visual splendour , mystical beauty and impressive action scenes only partly compensate for gaping holes in the narrative . 
unfortunately , this epic story unfolds in a confusing and haphazard manner in the theatrical cut of the film , which runs 30 to 60 minutes shorter than what lynch originally intended . 
the most glaring consequence of this one - eyed stupidity is a hopelessly jumpy narrative , leaving us with badly underdeveloped characters . 
the most glaring consequence of this one - eyed stupidity is a hopelessly jumpy narrative , leaving us with badly underdeveloped characters . 
the most glaring consequence of this one - eyed stupidity is a hopelessly jumpy narrative , leaving us with badly underdeveloped characters . 
dune certainly confused and frustrated a lot of people on its release . 
as a piece of editing , however , it is at times surprisingly inept . 
dune : the theatrical version ( 1984 ) runtime : 137 minutes capsule review : cut down to just over two hours by nervous studio executives , the theatrical version of dune is a spectacular mess and may be incomprehensible to those unfamiliar with the book . 
the use of painted stills in the new prologue works well enough , but their occasional appearance once the action begins is inappropriate . 
certainly , looking at the results of mca 's handiwork there 's at least half a dozen instances that , for sheer technical sloppiness , are good enough reasons for the director to object . 
all in all , salon kitty is failure , although with some very interesting moments . 
but , although salon kitty does n't happen to be anything more than rather more stylish and expensive soft porn ( although not very successful ; some of supposedly erotic scenes are quite unappealing ) 
unfortunately , brass seems to overuse other cinematical references , probably thinking that he could repeat the successful interaction of berger and thulin in luchino visconti 's the damned , but the most noticeable and irritating is ingrid thulin 's unsuccessful attempt to imitate lisa minelli 's musical numbers from cabaret . 
unfortunately , brass seems to overuse other cinematical references , probably thinking that he could repeat the successful interaction of berger and thulin in luchino visconti 's the damned , but the most noticeable and irritating is ingrid thulin 's unsuccessful attempt to imitate lisa minelli 's musical numbers from cabaret . 
those who tend to bash benigni for exploiting holocaust as the topic of comedy would probably go bananas watching this film , that uses the darkest pages of european history for cheap sexploitation . 
the scenes lack any charm 
doctor dolittle , even with the excellent premise , rarely manages to raise a laugh . 
and they 're not ' funny ' dumb , like dumb & dumber ( 1994 ) , but just boring dumb . 
she bought us private parts ( 1997 ) and the brady bunch movie ( 1995 ) which were , sadly , much better than this . 
poor old murphy looks bored stiff throughout the whole movie , and his performance suffers . 
doctor dolittle , in the end , is a disappointment for everyone involved . 
sadly , most of their lines are pretty dumb . 
the target audience , aged between 7 - 13 , who are undemanding , will probably like it however , thanks to it 's dumbed down humour . 
the film even succumbs to fart jokes halfway through , in a desperate attempt to raise some laughs . 
the director has seen better days , and even the creatures are n't that good . 
murphy has done much better movies 
dr dolittle ( 20th century fox ) running time : 1 hour 25 minutes starring eddie murphy directed by betty thomas riding high on the success of the nutty professor ( 1996 ) , murphy returns in this abysmal comedy . 
not that it really matters , since the characters consistently do ludicrous things for no other reason than to drive the plot . 
what 's worse is that the movie is haphazardly glued together by two characters who are neither interesting nor sympathetic -- 
perhaps i should have issued a spoiler alert before mentioning that , but it 's painfully obvious from the beginning that everyone in the film is hiding something . 
director simon west treats issues like rape and sexual fetish with ham - handed obscenity , creating a film that banks almost entirely on exploitation and offensive pseudo - depth . 
this scene really pushed me over the edge , not because it 's gratuitous and mean - spirited , but because it illustrates the film 's complete disregard for the characters and the audience . 
the ridiculous story requires them to do unbelievable things in the interest of reaching a dark conclusion in a sudden rain storm . 
the film , adapted by christopher bertolini and william goldman from nelson demille 's novel ( which was apparently based on a true story ) , plods along to its conclusion , filling in the blanks with stale , unrealistic dialogue and " shocking " plot developments . 
scene after scene stumbles with pointless insincerity ; minutes after finding the dead young woman , brenner and sunderland engage in sarcastic dialogue , which includes endless strings of forced lines . 
it has nothing more than a group of cardboard cut - outs force - feeding the audience a toxic landfill of plot contrivances and one - sided moral judgments . 
the general 's daughter is the worst kind of hollywood film -- it pretends to have a soul , to be of strict moral code , when in fact 
on a story level , the general 's daughter is ineptly constructed . 
director simon west treats issues like rape and sexual fetish with ham - handed obscenity , creating a film that banks almost entirely on exploitation and offensive pseudo - depth . 
the general 's daughter is a heartless , absurd film , a movie so hopelessly dedicated to its inane plot that it forgets entirely about its own characters . 
nonetheless , these performances are undermined entirely by the dreary , obligatory atmosphere and the senseless neglect of characterization . 
save for occasional moments of forced slapstick , the movie wags its tale with a straight face -- not a very enjoyable approach . 
i ca n't think of a more appropriate connection -- this movie is a stupid pet trick . 
save for occasional moments of forced slapstick , the movie wags its tale with a straight face -- not a very enjoyable approach . 
everything plays out just as one would think : heavy on predictability , light on an actual story . 
granted , for a family comedy , it 's not a very funny or successful idea to begin with , but it does n't seem to matter -- " air bud " is surprisingly solemn . 
yeah , whatever . 
all in the name of formula . 
the explosions look very unrealistic as well . 
the acting and dialogue was so terrible 
this is very unrealistic . 
i wish it had n't been done , considering wing commander is definitely the year 's worst film so far . to attract people to this horrible movie 
i wish it had n't been done , considering wing commander is definitely the year 's worst film so far . to attract people to this horrible movie 
the music also felt like video game music , and it was very corny and annoying sounding 
the other things which are very bad about wing commander are the special effects and the music . 
the acting is horrible in wing commander . 
i wish it had n't been done , considering wing commander is definitely the year 's worst film so far . to attract people to this horrible movie 
this explains why wing commander drags on , seeming like there is no point to any of the events that are going on . 
it 's not much fun to watch at all . 
this was definitely his worst performance to date . 
many lines seem out of place , and are completely meaningless . 
the special effects are very unrealistic . 
this plot is very flimsy , and does n't give a whole lot to work with at all . 
at capitalizing on the " underground " scenes of seedy los angeles , and really , really bad directing and horrendous music video - esque ballistic editing that was taught to me in film school right before i decided to drop out . 
at capitalizing on the " underground " scenes of seedy los angeles , and really , really bad directing and horrendous music video - esque ballistic editing that was taught to me in film school right before i decided to drop out . 
peter weller clearly knows his career is completely gone and does n't give two shits about it . 
peter weller clearly knows his career is completely gone and does n't give two shits about it . 
the pace of the film is jarring and utterly without focus . 
bad 2000 's movies that resemble bad 1980s films are even harder to watch . 
the film then simply dissolves into a cheap rip - off of dante 's inferno mixed with an old stephen 
shadow hours falls into the latter category , a mish - mashed train wreck of b - movie actors ( including michael dorn , aka star trek 's worf ) , an uninteresting plot , vain attempts 
everything begins going downhill . . . quickly . 
as almost an afterthought , about halfway through , the film carelessly gives him a character trait ( an addiction ) , and then drops it in the next scene . but the biggest problem with mercury rising is the screenplay . 
and though mercury rising tries to spice things up by throwing an autistic kid in the mix , it is every bit as stale . 
for all its faults , the film actually starts relatively well ( once you pass the painfully familiar teaser ) . 
with a twist ! ) willis and baldwin are just overplaying to type . 
at first the bad scenes just trickle in , but by the gruesomely bad finale they 're a veritable flood . 
for some reason that 's never explained in the film , the fbi is called in to help , and through a series of intricate machinations , art becomes the sole protector of the young autistic boy . 
the central concept behind mercury rising is ludicrous . 
the carbon paper scene alone is unworthy of the most gullible audience member . 
mercury rising adds to a growing list ( including such stinkers as the jackal , last man standing , striking distance and the last boy scout ) of stale actioners 
rather than creating a nuanced character , baldwin simply oozes sliminess . 
this film was n't well thought out at all . 
for all its faults , the film actually starts relatively well ( once you pass the painfully familiar teaser ) . 
michael myers has taken a character that would barely have supported a five - minute sketch on saturday night live and stretched it to the length of a feature film , padding it out with toilet jokes and the sort of props - strategically - positioned - between - naked - actors - and - camera gags that benny hill got tired of fifteen years ago . 
instead of skewering the whole thing , it 's a rather bloodless and unfunny tribute 
capsule : godawful " comedy " that 's amazingly shabby and cut - rate , and rather bereft of laughs 
the few times that i laughed in austin powers were completely offset by the time i spent cringing and wanting out . 
the movie 's amazingly bereft of ideas , come to think of it , with a couple of bright exceptions . 
the movie even looks cheesy , and not in a good way : i kept wondering if it had been transferred down from hi - def video or something , so grainy was the film stock in a good many scenes . 
the bulk of the movie is taken up with dumb jokes of several basic rubrics : james bond gags ( of which this movie has no end , right down to the silly character names ) , inept slapstick , toilet humor , and strategically placed props . . . 
i tried hard not to let my dejection affect my judgment , but i am certain now that austin powers would have also sucked rocks through bamboo shoots on the day i won the lottery . 
the bulk of the movie is taken up with dumb jokes of several basic rubrics : james bond gags ( of which this movie has no end , right down to the silly character names ) , inept slapstick , toilet humor , and strategically placed props . . . 
with a couple of exceptions , the movie misses all of its own best moments . 
a lot of sixties kitsch has been resurrected and thrown on the screen for this movie , but it 's desperate rather than clever . 
also , travolta 's acts with a sort of phony upper - class snooty accent and constantly whines about bureaucratic nonsense back on his home world . 
folks , save your cash . . do n't go see it , do n't rent it , and do n't buy it 
as a producer he should know better and as an actor he should definitely know better . 
i cleaned my glasses , walked around the theater , made a grocery list , chose my lottery numbers for the week , replayed super bowl xxv in my head ( with commercials ) . . . and still was compelled to scrutinize the insides of my eyelids . 
you can make a dumb but good sci - fi film ( i love independence day for example ) , but there is absolutely nothing entertaining about battlefield earth . 
i could n't hold back my laughter . 
why do i even care at this point ? 
battlefield earth is the worst film of 2000 , and i guarantee you that nothing else this year will even come close . 
but how did he possibly think this was a good movie ? and how did he think he was giving a good performance here ? 
simple enough ? not enough hong kong kickass jet li action to compensate for a horribly predictable screenplay , bad actors , crappy dialogue and oh - so many over - the - top melodramatic moments . and a romance angle ? 
in fact , i am sure that more time was spent gathering the " hits " for the soundtrack of this film , than were on the so - called " screenplay " . 
there were a couple of cool fight scenes with li , but simply not enough to satisfy my overall craving . 
i 'm disappointed for jet li that this film did n't give him the real opportunity to star in a good story with many great action scenes . 
what a letdown . 
also , as much as i love the way they incorporate wires and special effects in some of their stunts , a couple of the exaggerated fight scenes were simply too obvious a stunt . 
even black mask was more entertaining than this glossed up , empty shell of a film . 
what a mess . 
the one cool thing that was original in the movie was the way in which the director showed us some of the inside cracklings of the human body when penetrated by a blow , but that simple creative touch could n't save the rest of this film 's uninteresting plot movements . 
simple enough ? not enough hong kong kickass jet li action to compensate for a horribly predictable screenplay , bad actors , crappy dialogue and oh - so many over - the - top melodramatic moments . and a romance angle ? 
the sad part about the bad script is that it would n't matter so much if the film actually had some decent actors spouting out the tacky lines . 
for the film has a single trait , ear - shattering loudness . 
the befuddled presentation is exacerbated by peter menzies , jr . 
's dark and ugly cinematography . 
christopher young 's emotionless score 
the plot holes are as big as the ones in the dam that breaks , submerging the town . 
the answer is pretty much yes , but not nearly soon enough . and to add insult to injury , the supposedly dead , regretfully , often turn out not to be so . populating this bad tv - movie - of - the - week material are a host of talented actors . 
director mikael salomon 's staging is so confusing that you may have trouble figuring out what is happening . 
counting these improbabilities is one of the more enjoyable ways to spend your time as you wait for the characters to kill each other . 
the best that can be said of the picture is that it is merely stupefyingly awful as opposed to laughably bad . 
graham yost 's script serves up one cliche after another for the actors , who thankfully managed to mumble quite a few of the lines . 
one can only hope they were rewarded handsomely for acting in this hopelessly muddled picture . 
along the way , tom picks up a love interest in the person of a crucifix - weapon wielding woman named karen , played in a totally wasted performance by minnie driver . 
" i despise how he never gets a bruise 
i could n't believe how bad this scene was - the guy was conveniently with his family so we get the maximum emotional effect ( ahem ! ) . 
but the guy makes worse films than reagan did . 
but he 's just awful here . 
i hate those scenes in every movie where he goes around , bullying people up , saying stupid lines with a brooklyn accent more fake than burt reynold 's hairpiece in " boogie nights . 
" out for justice " just proves once again that american action films just suck . 
it 's so stupid that it 's boring . 
and i hate how he 's so narcissistic that he thinks that he can actually fucking sing 
i already mentioned gina gershon ( who 's pretty horrible in this one ) , as well as william forsythe , who over - acts terribly . 
i dunno about you , but playing " catch " with seagal was one of my childhood nightmares . 
this drags on , as he bullies forsythe 's family members ( including a stupid bar - owner , and none other than gina gershon as his other bar - owner sister ) . 
i already mentioned gina gershon ( who 's pretty horrible in this one ) , as well as william forsythe , who over - acts terribly . 
i hate how every single plot twist leads to just a melodramatic fight between he and the chief villain . 
it was with a huge lack of something to do that i decided to watch this on good old upn on sunday afternoon , when the only good things on tv are the second - rate movies they show ( some are good : they showed " total recall " before this one ) . if you know me , i think seagal is probably the most boring action star to ever live . 
anything intriguing is kept to a minimum to so it does not get in the way of pleasing the action film fans . 
now if all this was not bad enough , carpenter misuses the james wood persona . 
there are arguably logical flaws in the film . 
and that is something of a pity because the film , based on the book vampire$ by john steakley , gives us a myth for the origins of vampires and explains why vampires are so intertwined with religious imagery . 
woods does not work as a larger than life mythic hero . 
if this is sounding like a very tired police corruption plot with a few obvious substitutions , that 's exactly what it is . 
the plot is kept to a minimum and the interesting ideas in the plot really get the short end . 
by the third reel , i was fighting back sleep and checking my watch as i endured the predictable plot 
this michael douglas vehicle , from the director of " seven " , is n't nearly as clever or innovatively suspenseful 
there is no suspense here . 
any significant archetype that is set up in the beginning of the film is simply turned into a plot device . 
i had to settle for contrived gimmicks and ridiculously implausible situations . 
" do n't believe the hype . 
because of its failure to mine deeply into the terrible realities of world war ii , _ saving private ryan _ can only pan for small truths in the shallows . . 
as if afraid to let the viewer find their own ( perhaps unsettled and not entirely clear ) emotional foothold in the material , spielberg has to package it in hallmark moments to give the war a meaning and coherence it never had : the opening and closing scenes of ryan and his family in the war cemetary ( reminscent of the closing scene from _ schindler 's list ) , the saccharine exchange between ryan and his wife at the close ( every bit as bad as schindler 's monologue about how his car , tiepin or ring could have saved another jew ) , quotes from abraham lincoln and emerson , captain miller 's last words to private ryan , and an unbelievable storyline in which a prisoner whom they free earlier in the movie comes back to kill the captain . 
that particular subplot is so hokey , so predictable , it nigh on ruins the film . 
this is all the more inexplicable because the movie already had an " r " rating due to violence , so swearing could not possibly have been eliminated to make it a family film . however , 
the most troubling aspect of the film is the spielbergization of the topic . 
as if afraid to let the viewer find their own ( perhaps unsettled and not entirely clear ) emotional foothold in the material , spielberg has to package it in hallmark moments to give the war a meaning and coherence it never had : the opening and closing scenes of ryan and his family in the war cemetary ( reminscent of the closing scene from _ schindler 's list ) , the saccharine exchange between ryan and his wife at the close ( every bit as bad as schindler 's monologue about how his car , tiepin or ring could have saved another jew ) , quotes from abraham lincoln and emerson , captain miller 's last words to private ryan , and an unbelievable storyline in which a prisoner whom they free earlier in the movie comes back to kill the captain . 
_ saving private ryan _ is a mediocre film which nods in the direction of realism before descending into an abyss of cliches . 
yet the attempt at a realistic depiction of combat falls flat on its face because realism is not something which can be represented by single instances or events . 
ultimately , _ saving private ryan _ bows to both hollywood convention and the unwritten rules of wartime photography in its portrayal of wounds and death in war . 
" another aspect of the " hollywoodization " of the war is the lack of realistic dialogue and in particular , the lack of swearing . 
_ saving private ryan _ is a mediocre film which nods in the direction of realism before descending into an abyss of cliches . 
but for a topic of such weight as combat in the second world war ( or the holocaust ) this technique backfires , for it creates coherent , comprehensible and redemptive narratives out of events whose size , complexity and evil are utterly beyond the reach of human ken . 
because of its failure to mine deeply into the terrible realities of world war ii , _ saving private ryan _ can only pan for small truths in the shallows . . 
weighed down by tired plot lines and spielberg 's reliance on formulas , 
the men in the picture do n't do much better -- joe mantegna is pretty dull as the man who remarries robin , while dicaprio , as a christian slater / johnny depp - type spoiled young actor , is funny but disengaging . 
it 's not likely that you 'll find a whole lot of interest in celebrity . aside from all the in - jokes , the story falls far short of compelling , and the characters are all empty and lifeless . 
but celebrity is a failure at the core , unless allen 's point was to make a self - indulgent movie about himself and his friends . 
celebrity is arguably allen 's biggest misfire to date . 
the problem is that he 's the same character allen always plays , a character who 's getting more than a little dull to watch 
it 's not likely that you 'll find a whole lot of interest in celebrity . aside from all the in - jokes , the story falls far short of compelling , and the characters are all empty and lifeless . 
the other problem is that the image we get of these celebrities is no more enlightening than the view the media gives us -- 
unfortunately , at least at the advance screening i attended , the audience did n't see it that way and laughed through much of the proceedings . 
it 's all hokum and nonsense , of course . 
another tell - tale sign is when the audience seems to be admiring the hero 's costume more than the hero . 
most of the time glowering - as if he was suffering from indigestion or having second thoughts about starring in and co - producing this turkey . 
blade is just another example of how the vampire film , a once honorable member of the horror family , has gone downhill . 
this whole enterprise is one dull blade that could have used lots of sharpening . 
you know a movie is in trouble when the scenes of blood and gore that should elicit screams of fright instead evoke peels of laughter . 
most of the time glowering - as if he was suffering from indigestion or having second thoughts about starring in and co - producing this turkey . 
they are more farcical than frightful . 
this dud 
at the end it subjects us to lee plenty 's new film , which is a movie of the movie we 've just seen , but with even worse acting . 
as scripted , directed , and acted by cinematic newcomer christopher scott cherot , hav plenty limps along at best . 
hav plenty 's story does n't go anywhere . 
so stilted - 
he 's a man who knows his mind , which he frequently shares directly with the audience in a series of trite and overly cute monologues . 
hav plenty is n't so much a bad film as it is a total waste of the audience 's time 
that hollywood zombie 
the end of the film is , of course , hollywoodized . which is to say that it 's happy and the guy you root for beats impossible odds to win his prize . 
but he 's wrong here . 
and gibson knows it - he spends his time trying to act like a " bad guy " , and instead comes off as pretentious and arrogant . 
it 's horrible schlock , straight out of hollywood 's vast talent for sucking creativity out of movies . 
it 's horrible schlock , straight out of hollywood 's vast talent for sucking creativity out of movies . 
schwarzenegger 's attempts to be menacing are laughable , and his attempts at conveying pathos are laughable ; frankly , everything he does onscreen is laughable . 
i did glance at my watch repeatedly through the screening - my attention was kept through anticipation of the utterance of yet another terrible pun or one - liner , and by awaiting yet another scene to fall flat . 
there is a clear conceit towards neon in this film , even moreso than with his previous batman forever , with the revamped batcave helpfully sporting gigantic glowing emblems for the dynamic duo ( just in case , i suppose , if they ever happen to forget that the batcave is the headquarters of batman and robin ) , and with neon prominently figuring in an utterly - pointless fight sequence with bane and a street gang over ivy 's chosen new abode . 
joel schumacher 's direction of batman and robin is horrific , with a terrible balance of flashiness over substance . 
akiva goldsman 's screenplay for the film is ridiculous and laughably bad , with astonishingly terrible dialogue , lame jokes , and an awful by - the - number plot which simply coasts along and fails to generate any genuine excitement 
excessive - it 's loud , garish , and obnoxious , with pointless , gratuitous action sequences and set pieces which clutter up the screen with elaborate production design to the point of overkill 
akiva goldsman 's screenplay for the film is ridiculous and laughably bad , with astonishingly terrible dialogue , lame jokes , and an awful by - the - number plot which simply coasts along and fails to generate any genuine excitement 
excessive - it 's loud , garish , and obnoxious , with pointless , gratuitous action sequences and set pieces which clutter up the screen with elaborate production design to the point of overkill 
i am still astonished that a cheesy plot device which i 'd seen used in - no joke - an episode of gilligan 's island somehow make its way into a multimillion dollar blockbuster production . 
i did glance at my watch repeatedly through the screening - my attention was kept through anticipation of the utterance of yet another terrible pun or one - liner , and by awaiting yet another scene to fall flat . 
arnold schwarzenegger is top - billed in the film as the villainous mr . freeze , and is bland and uninteresting , perhaps the worst thing that a villain can be . 
chris o'donnell is unimpressive in a one - note performance , while alicia silverstone lackadasically fails to make any impression at all . 
this is a disasterously bad film , easily the worst in the series to date , and fairly epitomizes a cinematic definition of the word 
another action sequence which fails to serve any useful point other than to chew up five minutes of screentime involves an incredibly uninvolving late - night motorcycle race with barbara and some gotham goons . 
chris o'donnell is unimpressive in a one - note performance , while alicia silverstone lackadasically fails to make any impression at all . 
schumacher 's focus for batman and robin appears to be to make the film as visually striking as possible , to the detriment of the story - there are drastic shifts in the tone of the film between all - out camp and heartfelt drama , with the latter completely unconvincing and ineffective . 
george clooney has been given very little to do in batman and robin , being overshadowed by the villains , and consequently he looks rather uncomfortable in the film . 
muddy cinematography and sitcom sets are the least of its problems ; star trek : insurrection appears to have been beamed in from the planet plotholia . consider such curiosities . . . 
muddy cinematography and sitcom sets are the least of its problems ; star trek : insurrection appears to have been beamed in from the planet plotholia . consider such curiosities . . . 
he has no sense of comic timing , and he mines for acting chemistry where none exists . 
everything about this ninth trek movie seems on the cheap , from the roger corman - grade special effects to its highly derivative and ugly ad campaign 
worf gets a pimple ( he 's re - experiencing klingon puberty thanks to the time - defying atmosphere ) , laforge regains his eyesight ( trust me , levar burton 's real eyes are scarier than those electronic lenses he wore in first contact ) and troi brags about her firm boobs , but picard remains as bald as an android 's butt . 
but piller 's not - quite - half - baked screenplay should ultimately claim responsibility for insurrection 's failure . 
everything about this ninth trek movie seems on the cheap , from the roger corman - grade special effects to its highly derivative and ugly ad campaign 
ii : the wrath of khan , but this one boldly went where no movie should go again . 
( take a look at the painful " troi gets drunk " scene in fc and you 'll get the general idea of insurrection 's unsuccessfully jokey and hollow tone . ) 
this is one of the worst big - screen film experiences i 've had for a while . 
while ` total ' was written well , ` starship ' is purely pathetic . 
are in serious need of acting school . 
but there is another girl , dizzy ( meyer ) , who likes johnny and then there is another boy who likes carmen , which results in a love quadrangle , which is n't better , because it means augmented worse - than - stereotyped soap opera , increased bitchiness , and more bad beverly hills + melrose . 
one of the worst blockbuster directors . 
d . ) , becomes involved in war intelligence , and his abilities at the end are really corny and make me want to spray insecticide on someone for it . 
there is so much laughable treatment in this film , and it is frankly not amusing when jokes are intended . 
as a matter of fact , i found the activity incredibly boring , a complete waste of more than two hours . 
the last hour of conspiracy theory devolves from tolerable to torturous to almost unwatchable . 
getting to the latter , however , requires slogging through an increasingly overburdened and ultimately unappealing story . 
good god , who rewrites these movies ? and 
, there 's some other nonsense going on here , involving and revolving around jerry 's background . 
more stuff happens of the stupid shit variety than is worth mentioning here , except , perhaps , for a late sequence that has alice locating jerry in an abandoned wing of a mental hospital by hearing his voice carrying through the air ducts . 
phew , what a mess ! for his fifth collaboration with director 
two particularly bad scenes highlight the film 's problems . 
harry 's pathetic attempts to keep the trunk closed might have worked if played as comedy , but under schlondorff 's grim direction , the scene is just embarrassing 
as if that was n't enough , the story suffers from major problems in logic . 
meanwhile , elisabeth shue gives a goofy performance , behaving like a vamp on nitrous oxide . 
the actors do n't know what to do with their characters either , muddling the proceedings even further . 
despite a number of steamy scenes , there 's no chemistry between harrelson and the women . to make matters worse , schlondorff badly dubs in dialogue while the character 's lips are running over each others bodies . 
despite a number of steamy scenes , there 's no chemistry between harrelson and the women . to make matters worse , schlondorff badly dubs in dialogue while the character 's lips are running over each others bodies . 
woody harrelson is a talented actor with an admirable willingness to take on risky parts , but he 's lost here 
but under the harsh direction of schlondorff , the film is just a sluggish paint - by - numbers exercise in neo- noir cluelessness . avoid this nonsense and go see " l . a . confidential " instead . 
it makes no sense that harry would be stupid and dishonest enough to get caught up in this scheme . 
he never settles on a consistent tone . 
we 're supposed to be horrified watching our hero dangling over a bathtub filled with acid , but by this point the film has foundered so badly that the scene is merely reminiscent of when jessica and roger rabbit were suspended over a vat of dip . 
but under the harsh direction of schlondorff , the film is just a sluggish paint - by - numbers exercise in neo- noir cluelessness . avoid this nonsense and go see " l . a . confidential " instead . 
also , for a movie that 's supposed to be about all of these exotic locations , i was n't necessarily impressed by any of its exterior shots , and even less so with its interiors , which all looked like they were shot in the same room . 
some crappy cgi near the end . 
it 's definitely the worst film that i 've seen during this summer movie season ( of course , it 's still early 
the overall picture was lame and the dialogue and mystical bull - crap just buried it even further . 
i especially hated the scenes in which some ghost - like figure , friend or child would ramble on about lara croft 's father while all the time , 
i do n't know , i guess you have to put most of the blame on director simon west , who did n't really tie the whole movie together all that well . 
i 'm not giving one ounce of crap as to what they 're talking about . 
i did n't care about anyone in this movie , and was bored during most of its " let 's explain why we 're doing all this gobbledygook " moments . and even though i thought that jolie kicked some mighty ass ( 
a lame mystery , yoda - esque moments with mumbo - jumbo being sprouted about and even 
why have this shite in the movie at all ? ! ? 
just annoyed me 
all that " father " crap was horrible and the dialogue given to poor john voight to recite was just plain embarrassing 
the film lacked energy , a consistent pace and well . . . 
skip this one altogether and rent any of the indiana jones movies instead . . . 
everybody else around her was so goddamn boring 
! bad dialogue , generic sidekicks and bad guys , 
uhhhhhm , unfortunately the rest of the movie sucked 
they had no spark , no energy amongst them , and even though a few of the action scenes in the movie were cool ( see the trailer 
i felt kinda depressed while watching this movie . 
a lame mystery , yoda - esque moments with mumbo - jumbo being sprouted about and even 
the radiation is n't an anamoly , " he announces , and lightning strikes . 
gee , what are the odds their paths will cross again at a dramatically important time ? 
other lame running jokes include everyone mispronouncing the broderick character 's last name and frenchman jean reno 's inability to find a good cup of coffee in new york . 
" please do n't tell me that 's the best line you could come up with . 
it has a lot of dumb action scenes , destructive special effects and shallow subplots . 
from the beginning , poor matthew has to do embarassing things like fondle giant earthworms and stand in godzilla 's enormous footprint . 
godzilla has lots of rain and lightning , reptilian action ripped off from jurassic park and endless product placement from the likes of kodak , blockbuster , juicy fruit , swatch , sprint and bumble bee tuna . 
activated by words of four syllables or more . 
, over the top acting from cuba gooding jr . , zero chemistry between the two leads , and horribly tacky bad guys , tossed in to complete an overall bad movie recipe . 
, over the top acting from cuba gooding jr . , zero chemistry between the two leads , and horribly tacky bad guys , tossed in to complete an overall bad movie recipe . 
did they actually think that it would boost their careers , or did they know that the script sucked , but discounted any fall from grace , knowing full well that the stack of cash in their back pockets would pad their fall ? 
critique : " speed on an ice - cream truck " is probably the pitch that was used to sell this one - tone movie to its backers , but unfortunately , the only way that anyone could compare this film to that tension - filled , original two hours of cinema , is in its distinct honor of being the complete opposite of what that film , and the lethal weapon movies , stood for . 
this film is seasoned in cliches , with plenty of badly written dialogue 
you get a black guy and a white guy being chased by a bunch of people , having no choice but to work together to get somewhere , hating each other at first , but over time , learning to respect one another as individuals . yawn . 
not too conspicuous , eh ? call me a party - pooper , but as much as i like a nice cheezy movie as much as the next guy , this film just does n't even try to do anything original or reasonably entertaining . 
my friend and i enjoyed watching this movie to a certain extent , because some of the lines in it were so bad and obviously " written " , that we just had to crack up . 
this film is seasoned in cliches , with plenty of badly written dialogue 
, over the top acting from cuba gooding jr . , zero chemistry between the two leads , and horribly tacky bad guys , tossed in to complete an overall bad movie recipe . 
it is unfathomable to me as to how actors skeet ulrich and cuba gooding jr . got involved in this one - week - old - blue - cheese - smelling project 
another minus 
never a good thing for a horror film . 
ragsdale does a fair job in this film , but does n't give nearly the performance that he did in the original . 
if i was going to watch a horror film , this would be far from my first choice . 
it falls sort . while they are stylish , the vamps in this film just do n't have the personality of the undead in the first film . 
it falls sort . while they are stylish , the vamps in this film just do n't have the personality of the undead in the first film . 
in the last ten minutes or so , for some inexplicable reason , things start coming together and you begin to get a sense of how this film might have been , like the trailer teases . 
his performance is forced . 
director mike newell ( " four weddings and a funeral " ) must have read a different draft of this script because the one that 's being acted out up there between newark , jfk , and la guardia does n't have an ounce of subtlety , and newell has made some awfully good - and funny - movies before . 
sometimes a terrific cast like this can compensate for a lackluster screen treatment of an idea that has " hip comedy " written all over it , compensate for workmanlike but uninspired direction , compensate for an obnoxious score that would have anyone but the tone deaf screaming for the exits , compensate for clich ? 
sometimes a terrific cast like this can compensate for a lackluster screen treatment of an idea that has " hip comedy " written all over it , compensate for workmanlike but uninspired direction , compensate for an obnoxious score that would have anyone but the tone deaf screaming for the exits , compensate for clich ? 
the antics of these air traffic controllers will make you cringe . 
a fine cast aside , " pushing tin " is nothing more than an embarrassment . 
from the opening sequence the film is in big trouble : 
thornton looks terrific and performs solidly but his character is a joke . 
in and among the rampant product placements , brosnan grapples with carlyle , " braveheart " 's sophie marceau ( as former kidnap victim slash heiress elektra king ; she 's terrible ) , " wild things " ' denise richards ( as a nuclear physicist lord help me ; she 's laughable ) , and judi dench as m . 
in addition , michael apted ( yes , the respected director of such films as " coal miner 's daughter , " " nell , " and the " 28up " documentary series ) takes embarrassing advantage of the full range of bond clich ? s 
in this , the 19th chapter in the seemingly - endless franchise featuring ian fleming 's debonair british secret agent who likes his martinis -- and his nemeses -- shaken not stirred , the sub - inspired screenwriters have chosen to rehash all of the setups , stunts , and sexy encounters of the previous 18 bond flicks rather than coming up with anything the slightest bit original . 
the most depressing thing about the depressingly pedestrian james bond film " the world is not enough " is its final frame : white letters on a black background proclaiming " james bond will return . 
i ca n't think of one memorable set - piece in the entire -- and very dull-- " the world is not enough . 
these reliable absurdities are more frustrating than usual since there are no distractions other than occasional ads for luxury automobiles , vodka , or credit cards . 
in and among the rampant product placements , brosnan grapples with carlyle , " braveheart " 's sophie marceau ( as former kidnap victim slash heiress elektra king ; she 's terrible ) , " wild things " ' denise richards ( as a nuclear physicist lord help me ; she 's laughable ) , and judi dench as m . 
then there is the series of lame jokes that result from magoo 's near blindness , such as the occasion when he mistakes a wild animal for a baby . 
exposes just how painful a bad movie experience can be . 
they did n't seem to be enjoying themselves . 
it is worth noting that , unlike many disney films which hold a perverse appeal for the under-10 crowd while driving parents to distraction , mr . magoo appears to bore viewers of all ages . 
magoo is the kind of movie that should be rejected by any potential viewer 
her pained expression confirmed the adage that a picture can indeed be worth a thousand words . 
despite the collaboration of naked gun scribe pat proft , mr . magoo is comically barren . 
it 's stating the obvious to remark that disney appears to have run out of original ideas 
this is strictly a take - the - money - and- run operation . 
magoo 's humor comes in the form of failed slapstick . 
every attempt at humor -- and there are lots of them -- falls flat with an audible thud . 
it 's an insult to every human being who has the misfortune to suffer through this dreadfully unfunny , 90 minute atrocity . 
it also reveals that when spade does n't have a reliable back - up system , his brand of humor seems more desperate than one may expect . 
predictably , lost and found opts for a happy ending , one that feels so sentimental , gooey , and rings so false that it sets off a siren in your head that makes you feel a bit cheated 
pollack does everything but beat the poor pooch with a baseball bat to get laughs , and this procedure is cheap , unfunny and resoundingly cruel . 
this kind of physical humor is dead . 
it also reveals that when spade does n't have a reliable back - up system , his brand of humor seems more desperate than one may expect . 
given the mean - spirited comedy that the movie is obviously striving for , i found this hard to swallow . 
if you 're searching for an enjoyable romantic - comedy , you could do far better than this obvious , misguided failure that shows a blatant disregard for what it 's trying to present . 
this is where i start to get fuzzy . 
unfortunately , director jeff pollack finds more humor in putting jack through a cycle in the drier than he does with simply making him look cute . 
despite a few positive attributes , lost and found just does n't work . 
its just another piece of teen fluff . 
9 : its pathetic attempt at " improving " on a shakespeare classic . 
1 : its worse than she 's all that ! 
the comedy is not funny . 4 : the acting is poor . 
the comedy is not funny . 4 : the acting is poor . 
what they forgot to mention was that it is n't very good 
when naked killer was released in the local independent cinemas around melbourne , it was advertised ad nausuem as a hip , cool , controversial thriller . 
the script is awful , the direction all over the place , the editing is jerky and confusing and the subtitling is surprisingly poor . 
all in all , this is not a well done movie . 
the script is awful , the direction all over the place , the editing is jerky and confusing and the subtitling is surprisingly poor . 
it just is n't worth it . 
the script is awful , the direction all over the place , the editing is jerky and confusing and the subtitling is surprisingly poor . 
tango & cash has " lowest common denominator " written all over it . 
tango & cash is unbearably noisy . for starters , there 's harold faltermeyer 's annoying synthesized score , which gets old after four notes . to make matters worse 
feldman 's story line succumbs to every crime thriller cliche in the book , making tango & cash altogether generic and predictable 
in a movie with the iq level of an amoeba , even a great actor is going to have trouble looking intelligent -- and stallone is no lawrence olivier . 
his character , however , is run - of - the - mill , except for his strange obsession with mice . 
but regrettably , hatcher 's acting is not on par with her exceptional beauty . 
feldman 's story line succumbs to every crime thriller cliche in the book , making tango & cash altogether generic and predictable 
tango & cash is unbearably noisy . for starters , there 's harold faltermeyer 's annoying synthesized score , which gets old after four notes . to make matters worse 
" the film 's plot does n't have one original bone in its body , and -- again -- you have to point your finger at the screenwriting . 
his shockingly stupid screenplay undermines anything and everything 
every time she opens her mouth , you cringe ; corny dialogue and atrocious acting are always a fatal combination 
unfortunately , their relationship rarely progresses past macho competition as they endlessly bicker about who packs more meat in his pants . 
and , more to the point , tango definitely is n't worth a penny of your cash -- so do n't bother . 
the dialogue consists of nothing but one - liners , and consequently the attempts at character development are embarrassing 
tango & cash is unbearably noisy . for starters , there 's harold faltermeyer 's annoying synthesized score , which gets old after four notes . to make matters worse 
every time she opens her mouth , you cringe ; corny dialogue and atrocious acting are always a fatal combination 
every character , every twist and turn , is stolen from television or from other movies . adding insult to injury , tango & cash is about as believable as a " road runner " cartoon . 
" their result of their consecutive efforts is a murky and pointless movie . 
what a shame it turned out to be nothing in particular . 
they have no personality , and by the end they do n't even seem particularly threatening . 
the 13th warrior " suffers from a lack of vision . 
the special effects are low budget and some even hilariously fake , a sign of a true " b - movie " . the direction is poor and there is little continuity , not that you would expect it in a movie switching realities constantly . 
the special effects are low budget and some even hilariously fake , a sign of a true " b - movie " . the direction is poor and there is little continuity , not that you would expect it in a movie switching realities constantly . 
the plot has a tendency to be interesting , but all that passes while your laughing at the ridiculous things thrown into what could have been a fascinating movie . 
the acting is bland , and since there is virtually no character development 
the special effects are low budget and some even hilariously fake , a sign of a true " b - movie " . the direction is poor and there is little continuity , not that you would expect it in a movie switching realities constantly . 
the acting is bland , and since there is virtually no character development 
lastly the script is weak and has no concept of reality , and does n't deserve to have the word " science " in science - fiction . 
if i have n't got my point across , i 'll say it more plainly : this is a bad movie . 
in fact there is nothing colorful about this movie , its dark and depressingly gloomy right down to the bitter end . 
the plot is impossible to explain due to how senseless it gets , so i will just touch on the bare minimum . 
no , we do n't , and certainly not one of this low - caliber , which felt like a cut - and - paste job of spare parts from much better , but similar , films . 
the story revolving around john , meanwhile , is extemely thin throughout , particularly for its 104-minute running time , and it alternates between uninspired comic relief ( as in when the students see their sex education teacher working as a stripper at the club ) and heavy - handed melodrama . 
i had with the film is how little of interest any of the characters actually were , least of all certainly not john , who , played by van der beek ( of tv 's " dawson 's creek " ) , is pretty much a bore without any engaging qualities . 
" one of the biggest problems 
" by - the - numbers " screenplay by w . 
the plotting of " varsity blues " is as old as the hills , and contains every cliche in the book . 
no , we do n't , and certainly not one of this low - caliber , which felt like a cut - and - paste job of spare parts from much better , but similar , films . 
admittedly , i was never exactly bored while i was watching it , but i hasten to add that i was rarely ever entertained 
the romance between john and his girlfriend had the potential to be an adequate subplot , but we also learned very little about her , which is unfortunate since amy smart , whom i do n't think i 've seen before in past films , is probably the only character written with any sort of intelligence . 
the exploration of relationships is strictly superficial and stereotypical . 
by this point , trois shows itself to be a soap opera without the requisite melodrama : a fatal attraction without the social significance . 
for a film touted as exploring relationships and black sexuality , trois is surprisingly tame . 
the last 10 minutes will undoubtly throw you a curve , but by this point , will you even care ? 
as it stands , trois is pretty standard fare . 
jasmine is bland and subservient . 
it moves along with flat , uninspired dialogue as it sets up a surprising climax that tries mightily to overthrow the considerable dead weight of the rest of the film . 
if you 're not a die hard sci - fi , fx or jerry o'connell fan ( his character is the only one who has some semblance of character ) , do n't waste your eight bucks on this . 
a lot of it is a cliched glorification of family relationships , marriage , friendship , unite 
we 're so sick of the goddamn thing we want the movie to be over . 
it loses all its charm 
" mission " has some good ideas , but they get lost in the unbearably boring delivery , dime - a - dozen dialogue , and spate of good actors wasted in cardboard - cutout roles . 
that 's just unforgiveable . 
" mission to mars " is one of those annoying movies where , in the middle of the movie , you get the sneaking suspicion that the reason the trailer looks so good is because they showcased all the best parts of the movie : all five minutes of it . 
kind of crap . 
" mission " has some good ideas , but they get lost in the unbearably boring delivery , dime - a - dozen dialogue , and spate of good actors wasted in cardboard - cutout roles . 
" mission " * does * give you payoff ; but when it does come , it 's too little , too late . 
what the hell does it mean that it 's " adapted from an original screenplay by gore vidal ? " ) , but nevertheless , the dialogue is shit , so laughably bad that i ca n't in good faith believe that anyone with an iq over 5 could say them with a straight face ( my favorite being the line when caligula inquires the doctor about the health of the dying tiberius : " he could go at any moment , but with care , he could last a year or so . 
so he does n't just have to sleep with his sister ( a dreadful teresa ann savoy , there to be pretty , naked , and willing to hop in the sack with mac or anyone he asks her to hop in with ) , abuses his position a little more , a little more , and a little more , and then , i believe , invades england 
the camera operation is also the worst i 've ever seen in my entire life . 
, and all i can say is that guccione and the makers of this film have lost any kind of touch with either entertainment or eroticism , and have developed a pathetic and sadistic taste for both , judging from this film . 
it 's nothing but overdramaticized bullshit from start to finish , without a second of credibility in its mammoth running time . 
and would n't it be great if i could make a couple bucks by selling this shit off as accuracy even though it 's so blatantly real bad porn that i 've completely convinced myself that it 's not . 
the plot is so incomprehensibly done that all i or anyone else can make out of it is that caligula ( disastrously played by the great malcom mcdowell , a performance that does the opposite that his performance in " a clockwork orange " did ) is next in line for the throne but ca n't wait for the current emporer , tiberius ( peter o ' toole - ditto , only for his performance in " lawrence of arabia " ) , his grandfather , to die . 
the editing is so sloppy that some scenes are absolutely impossible to follow . 
" about as exciting and enriching as a three hour college lecture class and twice as deliriously annoying . guccione , in his pursuit of historical accuracy has instead made a film that is such a painstaking , arduous task to watch in its entirety that i doubt anyone can sit through an hour of it without irreversible psychological damage . 
it 's also the sloppiest expensive movie of all time . 
the film opens on the wrong note 
" about as exciting and enriching as a three hour college lecture class and twice as deliriously annoying . guccione , in his pursuit of historical accuracy has instead made a film that is such a painstaking , arduous task to watch in its entirety that i doubt anyone can sit through an hour of it without irreversible psychological damage . 
but using historical accuracy as a licence to get away with any kind of disgusting - for - disgustingness'-sake acts is total , total bullshit 
i ca n't say either for " the way of the gun , " because it has very little going for it and 
it serves no purpose in the long run because later in the film the two are packing more artillery than a small country 's army . if they were suicidal they would n't have gone on the kidnapping job in the first place ( and where they get all those guns is never explained either ) . 
there 's a lot of things i did n't understand about this scene : first of all the owner of the mercedes is n't some yuppie or old rich snob , he 's like a hippie straight out of the 60s . 
so wrapped up in its own little world 
absolutely none of the characters are likable or believable . 
they 're more like ideas ripped - off from sketches found in david mamet 's trash . 
i ca n't imagine anyone intelligently defending it . 
no one here really acts like a real person , and the story is even further removed from reality . 
the late chris farley , as hysterical as he ever was , is amusing in a cameo role , but , as a whole , the supporting players are amateurish and seemingly free from any directorial guidance . 
he is able to give some of his lines a nice acid touch , but , for the most part , the oneliners , as written , are flat , and the broad slapstick gags just do n't work 
, is it funny or not ? the answer is a resounding no . 
a more sappy reason : sam 's father ( jack warden ) needs a heart transplant , and in order for him to move at the top of the recipient list , his compulsively betting doctor ( chevy chase ) asks the guys for $ 50 , 000 to pay off his bookie . 
heart , which undercuts the inherent nastiness of the premise . 
and for a film rated pg-13 , director bob saget ( yes , that bob saget , of _ full_house _ and _ america's_funniest_home_videos _ fame ) and writers frank sebastiano , fred wolf , and macdonald himself , stretch the boundaries of good taste rather far -- arguably a bit too much so 
the story is one big groaner . 
in " bride , " the plot ( heh ) 
little of the humor succeeds , proving self - reference can be completely worthless when it lacks bite . to be fair , though , most of " bride of chucky " is on auto - pilot , so it 's not quite right to single out one misfired aspect of the film . 
throw in some silly casualties and a ridiculous ending 
similarly shaky , the acting ranges from screeching camp to boring bland , the effects are n't that special and 
director ronny yu keeps the mayhem flashy and stages an inventive scene or two , but not even visual flair can make up for the fact that these creepy kewpies are neither scary nor menacing . 
little of the humor succeeds , proving self - reference can be completely worthless when it lacks bite . to be fair , though , most of " bride of chucky " is on auto - pilot , so it 's not quite right to single out one misfired aspect of the film . 
the answer is a sick - and - twisted yes - and viewers are treated to a shadowy glimpse of some hot - enough - to - melt - rubber ( or at least singe it ) 
one fun fact about this movie is that the cast includes a very young kevin bacon , although after this movie it is a wonder he ever worked again . 
since i 'm not going to do that , feel free to assume that if i did , it would n't be positive . 
i will say that this movie looks as if it was made for about a hundred bucks , and that includes the actors ' salaries . if you are used to recent horror films like scream , you are in for a bit of a surprise . 
friday the 13th is the sort of movie that is fun to sit down and get a couple of scares from , just do n't sit down expecting a whole lot . 
you 're in trouble right away 
slater has never been convincing and certainly is n't here 
how frustrating it must be for actors to work under these conditions . 
and oldman is on a bad streak of hammy performances . 
that pretentious , often nauseating , camera movements and slick , mtv- style lighting and editing are far more important . 
and everything suffers . 
this is the worst movie i 've viewed so far in 98 . 
the script a little to smart and direction was somehow lost in the chaos of random events that collided together to form a movie . 
i feel the production got a little too smug , 
his dialogue is as erratic as stormy weather , mostly embarrassing and poor quality . 
the dialogue goes on and on about tea and other finer british perks , but does not allow much room for character development and interaction , except to perhaps grate on the viewer 's nerves . 
for one thing , you will not have to witness a product that is far inferior to the three high profile names that is associated with the title . 
so poorly produced could have been released , but i put it down to one of those freak happenings in nature , like lightning you ca n't see it coming until it hits you . 
my greatest criticism rests on the fact that there was no chemistry between emma peel and john steed ( thurman and fiennes ) ? 
the movie fails to explain how these two hooked up . be grateful . 
at least with that " movie , " you do n't have to go through the painful experience of watching pamela try to pronounce multiple syllable words like " eclectic . 
unfortunately , no one saves the movie . avoid this would - be sci - fi thriller , unless you 're in for a good laugh or two . 
after we meet the evil everett longstreet , lots of technobabble and mystical mumbo - jumbo 
comments : naked souls opens with a naked woman , and the movie makes no illusion that it 's a sci - fi vehicle designed to show pamela anderson 's , um , talents . if you are really interested in seeing anderson 's talents , however , i suggest you skip over this dud and watch the infamous pam and tommy lee honeymoon sex tape , now available on home video . 
" whatever . 
there is very little discernible plot . 
but if this form of humor floats your boat then you will truly enjoy this movie , even if you do n't like slapstick style humor you will end up laughing because something 's are just so stupid . 
well , there was no real acting in this movie but some of the slapstick was n't the easiest i am sure . 
one thing that i must say , simply to get if off my chest is that i think transferring a sitcom to tv usually produces rather disastrous results . 
now the rest of the actors in the movie , bad acting and poor casting . 
i am opting to recommend you save your money and not go to see this movie 
bean seriously fails to accomplish anything close to what that series gone movie achieved . 
it achieves that goal rather admirably , but because it is that , the plot is just screaming for help . 
this movie is stupid and pointless . 
you can see its plot developing from a mile away . 
the contrived story revolves around their near misses in meeting each other in such spots as , the subway , at a restaurant , or on the phone . 
that we have to see erin go through several dates to prove the point how ego sick these guys are , each one more annoying than the other , culminating in the most obnoxious one of all , that brazilian lover ( jose ) , who is about as charming as a snake - oil salesman , who is actually the one she nearly flies away with for a holiday in brazil , was not only incredulous but downright contrary to the rich presentation of her character that was the heart of the story . 
anyway , as expected , all 's well that ends well , for this watchable piece of fluff 
it is cornball sitcom stuff 
this sub - plot was as obnoxious to see take place as it is to hear told . 
you are lured into its benign story of a single 29-year - old girl looking for a soul mate in boston , as that city is depicted as a mini - wonderland for singles . 
you can just go home and brood on your own maladjusted sexuality you low - life deadbeat . 
by refusing to make the audience really uncomfortable with the notion of kim and prentice 's relation- ship , or at the very least feel uncomfortable for them ( prentice for example , does n't seem to give hiself all that much grief when he becomes attracted to kim despite being a fight - picking , beer - drinking , macho kind of guy , and kim , for all her insecurities and fears is always saved any truly disturbing victimisation in the film ) , and instead drawing them into a basically wimpy love story , the film manages to lobotomise itself . 
if oddly enough you grow to like this show 
the film just did n't take its situation seriously and the story had many gaps in it , so it had no chance for black humor to develop . 
a silly film that tries to be a black comedy but plays more like lightweight comedy , with its main asset being a beautiful film location along spain 's mountainous coastline . 
a very minor farce that might appeal to the sitcom crowd . 
this film is an example of marketing with no substance . 
if you want to see real terror on the big screen go back and watch any scene with jar jar binks in the phantom menace , because this movie is not scary or even remotely creepy . 
man , do you know how scary it would be to die ? ? ? ! ! ! ! now this is the scariest movie of all time ! ! ! ! 
oh my dear lord you will be pissing in your pants with fear . 
i 'm talking about the other 87 minutes of the movie where they ca n't seem to shoot anything smoothly at all . 
this film should not be called the blair witch project , it should more accurately be called three dumb and pisspoor filmmakers get lost . . . and argue with each other . 
oscar winner martin childs ' ( shakespeare in love ) production design turns the original prague surroundings into one creepy place . 
ably captures the dreariness of victorian - era london and helped make the flashy killing scenes remind me of the crazy flashbacks in twin peaks , even though the violence in the film pales in comparison to that in the black - and - white comic . 
even the acting in from hell is solid , with the dreamy depp turning in a typically strong performance and deftly handling a british accent . 
log in great supporting roles , but the big surprise here is graham . 
i cringed the first time she opened her mouth , imagining her attempt at an irish accent , but it actually was n't half bad . 
even the acting in from hell is solid , with the dreamy depp turning in a typically strong performance and deftly handling a british accent . 
the film , however , is all good . 
a good film , does not live up to its hype . 
even so , the strengths of _ election _ rely upon its fantastic performances from broderick , witherspoon , and newcomer jessica campbell , as paul 's anti - social sister , tammy . 
witherspoon is a revelation . 
the dark side of such sleeper success is that , because expectations were so low going in , the fact that this was quality stuff made the reviews even more enthusiastic than they have any right to be . 
it 's early in the year , it 's a comedy , and teenagers have little clout , but for my money , witherspoon deserves an oscar nomination . 
he seems to be having the most fun he 's had since then . 
when ryan discovers the true identity of her online love , i was filled with such , for lack of a better word , happiness that for the first time all year , i actually left the theater smiling . 
but as foreseeable as the ending is , it 's so damn cute and well - done 
but oh , how enjoyable that manipulation is . 
however , most outstanding is the gnarled performance by robert shaw as the movie 's captain ahab , a performance sorely overlooked by the academy awards . 
from there , director steven spielberg wastes no time , taking us into the water on a midnight swim with a beautiful girl that turns deadly . 
nevertheless , this film guaranteed them all successful careers because each gave an outstanding performance and refused to be overshadowed by the shark . 
but , as we can see now , spielberg overcame all the obstacles , and delivered one of the finest primal scare - thrillers ever to come out of hollywood . 
it took america by storm in the summer of 1975 , taking in enough money to crown it the box office champ of all time ( until it was unceremoniously dethroned in 1977 by " star wars " ) . 
" jaws " is a rare film that grabs your attention before it shows you a single image on screen . 
even today , fascination with this film is on par with hitchcock 's " psycho , " and it never seems to age . 
dreyfuss , who had previously been seen in " american graffiti " ( 1973 ) and " the apprenticeship of duddy kravitz " ( 1974 ) gives a surprisingly mature , complex performance for someone who had literally only played kids and teenagers . 
however , you 've got to go with what you 've got , and what you 've got in jackie chan is something special -- a talent that mainstream hollywood should , could , and ought to utilize . 
just go see the movie . 
the period feel and realistic african settings are nicely maintained in a production that traveled from zimbabwe to mozambique . 
" lumumba " is a solid , interesting , educational and honest docudrama that should appeal to film buffs and politicos , both . 
it has more intelligence in its telling than anything i 've seen out of hollywood for months 
high marks go to eriq ebouaney 
production values are first rate on what must be a small , by us standards , budget . 
the screenplay covers a lot of ground and does yeoman 's work in providing a great deal of detailed history while trying to do justice to the story of lumumba 's life . 
the actor gives a convincing , charismatic performance as the multifaceted , politically deft patrice lumumba who has the good of his people and his country as the force driving his own ambitions . 
in true docudrama tradition , the supporting cast does not outshine the star , complementing his good efforts , instead . 
as it is , i found american history x to be an extremely good film , not just because of tony kaye 's focused look at the touchy subject of racism , but because of a powerful , charismatic performance from edward norton . 
it 's hard to imagine any director not being at least partially pleased with a film this good -- in a time when so many movies are timid and weak , american history x manages to make a compelling argument for racism without advocating it any way . 
it 's hard to make a controversial movie and not preach , but kaye has found the right note for his material . 
as it is , i found american history x to be an extremely good film , not just because of tony kaye 's focused look at the touchy subject of racism , but because of a powerful , charismatic performance from edward norton . 
norton is one of those performers who becomes his character , and his work in american history x is one of the very best performances this year . 
in addition to getting the look just right , he 's perfect for this role 
kaye indulges in a lot of interesting artistic choices , and most of them work nicely -- 
the other performances are all terrific , with standouts from furlong , d'angelo , and lien . visually , the film is very powerful . 
the other performances are all terrific , with standouts from furlong , d'angelo , and lien . visually , the film is very powerful . 
although the climactic scene is very moving 
lapaglia seems to have attended the de niro school of gangster acting , and his inspired performance is partly a tribute to his role - model and partly a rip - off . 
ally sheedy , in a wonderfully understated performance , is one of the film 's most pleasant surprises . 
the scrumptious comic acting , however , extends well beyond sheedy and lapaglia . 
i do n't know whether to say a star is born or a star is re - born , but i do know that lapaglia 's over - the - top performance should not be missed . 
and while he does n't have the comic genius of a woody allen , alda does possess the inspiration to make movies which are ten times more entertaining than the slop which usually passes for comedy . 
and she was shocked to hear that i actually liked it . 
lapaglia 's sincere but dim - witted character is a riot . 
--and a welcome change of pace from the usual summer fare . 
alda , faced with challenge of both directing and acting , somehow finds just the right comic touch 
and while he does n't have the comic genius of a woody allen , alda does possess the inspiration to make movies which are ten times more entertaining than the slop which usually passes for comedy . 
alda 's comic elixir is smooth and refreshing 
peck and bonitzer do an exemplary job telling a complicated tale with a myriad of players , although they frequently succumb to cliche , particularly regarding lumumba 's private life . 
" lumumba " is a story that deserves to be told and ebouaney 's performance makes the tragedy personally felt . 
ebouaney is dynamic , radiating his character 's fierce passion for his people and his country . 
peck 's subject and lead actor elevate his film above its mediocre production . 
he 's served well , though , by his casting of ebouaney in the title role . 
ebouaney is dynamic , radiating his character 's fierce passion for his people and his country . 
lumumba 's intelligence and ability to strategize , even as he 's cornered by insurmountable odds , are given life by ebouaney . 
in those moments , and in others , iron monkey manages to transcend its mindless kung fu nature to touch the hearts and minds of its audience . 
while in no way the equal of a masterpiece like drunken master 2 , iron monkey dances quite nicely to the invading kung fu tune . 
iron monkey succeeds as no kung fu film since drunken master 2 . at times , fighting styles , especially that of monkey himself , do devolve into the ridiculous twinkle - toed floating of films like crouching tiger , hidden dragon , director yuen wo ping eventually remembers to bring his action scenes back to earth . 
but iron monkey , the latest asian import , shows us how to get it right . 
" rat race " is a riot , with terrific no - holds - barred performances from the diverse cast . see it , see it again and when the dvd comes out , buy it , because a movie this hilarious will surely have outtakes to die for . 
after watching " rat race " last week , i noticed my cheeks were sore and realized that , when not laughing aloud , i had held a grin for virtually all of the film 's 112 minutes . 
" rat race " is a riot , with terrific no - holds - barred performances from the diverse cast . see it , see it again and when the dvd comes out , buy it , because a movie this hilarious will surely have outtakes to die for . 
" rat race " is a riot , with terrific no - holds - barred performances from the diverse cast . see it , see it again and when the dvd comes out , buy it , because a movie this hilarious will surely have outtakes to die for . 
high points for me include a bit involving kathy bates as a roadside squirrel salesperson and an intricately set up gag that carries jon lovitz and family from a bizarre museum to an outdoor rally , with an utterly tasteless and screamingly funny pay - off . 
" rat race " is a riot , with terrific no - holds - barred performances from the diverse cast . see it , see it again and when the dvd comes out , buy it , because a movie this hilarious will surely have outtakes to die for . 
" rat race " is a riot , with terrific no - holds - barred performances from the diverse cast . see it , see it again and when the dvd comes out , buy it , because a movie this hilarious will surely have outtakes to die for . 
" rat race " is a riot , with terrific no - holds - barred performances from the diverse cast . see it , see it again and when the dvd comes out , buy it , because a movie this hilarious will surely have outtakes to die for . 
hands down , this is the most fun film of the summer . 
rat race " is a great goofy delight , a dandy mix of energetic performances , inspired sight gags and flat - out silliness 
as with any zucker production , a few jokes fall flat , but the momentum of the comedy zooms past those missteps . 
" rat race " is a riot , with terrific no - holds - barred performances from the diverse cast . see it , see it again and when the dvd comes out , buy it , because a movie this hilarious will surely have outtakes to die for . 
rat race " is a great goofy delight , a dandy mix of energetic performances , inspired sight gags and flat - out silliness 
rat race " is a great goofy delight , a dandy mix of energetic performances , inspired sight gags and flat - out silliness 
based on the german film wings of desire ( that being the english title , of course ) , city of angels is ninety percent success , enough to make most people forgive its shortcomings , even the devastatingly disappointing ending . 
the two are n't very comparable to each other , but they both deviate from her usual " intelligently ditzy " romantic comedy roles , and it 's an impressive side of ryan movie goers rarely have the chance to enjoy . 
filmmakers should know your final impression will be the one you linger on , remember , and convey to others thru word of mouth , so after telling us for 60 + minutes that this film is a glorious masterpiece , they sure leave us with a disheartening taste of mediocrity in our mouths . 
but for over an hour , city of angels is well worth the time . 
nonetheless , city of angels is beautifully captivating , which is probably enough to satisfy those poetic viewers who will appreciate a delve into rich emotional territories . 
but even though the two leads do an impressive job 
yelchin is very good 
review : a small but enchanting movie , " hearts in atlantis " easily recalls another king - inspired coming - of - age film , " stand by me " , both in terms of its setting and the sentiment it conveys . 
like " stand by me " , this is a mostly character - driven film , and as such it benefits greatly from superb casting . 
but hicks ' direction is lovely without being cloying , and despite the movie 's general lack of incident , it never ceases to weave its spell over the audience . 
more splendid still is boorem , whom i praised highly for her work in " along came a spider " and who is simply radiant here as carol . 
but hicks ' direction is lovely without being cloying , and despite the movie 's general lack of incident , it never ceases to weave its spell over the audience . 
more splendid still is boorem , whom i praised highly for her work in " along came a spider " and who is simply radiant here as carol . 
and then there is hopkins , who despite playing such a quiet , introspective character as ted , nonetheless commands our attention every time he is onscreen . 
spielberg gives us a visually spicy and historically accurate real life story . 
djimon hounsou and anthony hopkins turn in excellent performances . 
really lucked out with this cast . 
beck , ron rifkin as commander frost , and john spencer as police chief al travis are all more than competent , and can hold their own in scenes with jackson and spacey . 
beck , ron rifkin as commander frost , and john spencer as police chief al travis are all more than competent , and can hold their own in scenes with jackson and spacey . 
as an audience , we 're also given a situation where two wonderfully talented actors are thrown into a movie , and we 'd like to see if one will dominate the film . 
both provide some pretty good entertainment . 
fortunately , this does n't distract from the seriousness of the rest of the film , but instead provides some nice breathers from the level of tension which gray manages to sustain throughout . 
luckily , the film soon shakes off the conventionalism and concentrates on the interesting premise mentioned above . 
unfortunately , this preconception saps the film of some of it 's would - be suspenseful moments , and anything good left in those scenes is largely attributed to jackson 's acting ability 
as the second protagonist , spacey measures up nicely . 
and for those who dig the " heavier " side of music , the soundtrack also rocks ! ! 
just for the record , i 'm certainly not recommending this film for its originality or surprise elements , since most of this stuff has already been covered in some way or another in other movies , but because it 's a fun , uplifting , well - paced movie with a solid central showing by wahlberg and energetic live performances . 
that 's not to say that you wo n't like this film if you do n't like the music , but the music and live performances from the band , play a big part in the movie , and i for one , had a blast watching and listening to it all . 
but the even greater draw in this film is the standout performance given here by mark wahlberg . 
i was quite taken by his character pretty much the whole way through . 
wow , hand this fella some major props , as he totally becomes this heavy metal geek / god ( incidentally , metal god was the film 's original title , and a much better one if you ask me ) . 
his entry and adaptation to the whole " rock ' n roll " lifestyle fills the rest of the film and is really fun to watch . 
this film is genuinely funny and i could watch it again and again and not get bored ! 
and it 's other appealing characters . 
the jokes come in fast and so do the laughs , with humorous antics between the matron and sir bernard . 
the jokes come in fast and so do the laughs , with humorous antics between the matron and sir bernard . 
he seems to steal every scene he is in . by not making use of sid james and barbara windsor 's talent to full effect , the film seems to flounder , but it certainly makes up for it with it 's good storyline 
carry on matron is the last great carry - on film in my opinion . 
there are great cameos from joan sims , an expectant mother who is many weeks overdue and is eating constantly in every scene , and from kenneth connor as the expectant father who still thinks he 's at work ( at the railway station ) . 
he seems to steal every scene he is in . by not making use of sid james and barbara windsor 's talent to full effect , the film seems to flounder , but it certainly makes up for it with it 's good storyline 
there are good performances by hattie jacques as the matron , however her character seems a little more subdued and quieter than her previous ' matron 's ' . 
this film is genuinely funny and i could watch it again and again and not get bored ! 
williams is , as usual , on top form , but sid james is n't given a very good part in this movie and i would forgive anyone to forget that he was in the movie at all . 
i found this approach to be very clever because in a small duration of time there is a great amount of admiration for ness and an equal amount of hatred for capone . 
although the real life untouchables may have been excessively glorified , this film is pure entertainment and contains a unique blend of great acting , great directing , and great action . 
the action scenes are also some of the most beautifully choreographed i have ever seen . also very similar to " the matrix , " they are exciting and intense . 
the combination of image and music is very impressive and also very effective . 
the scenes are well thought out and well executed . 
the film only gets better from this point . 
the ultimate match up between good and evil , " the untouchables " is an excellent movie because it looks deeper into an already examined rivalry . 
elliot ness , played with perfect ingenuity by kevin costner , is a character that surely grows during the course of the film . 
based on the 1959 television show of the same title , " the untouchables " may be an exaggeration of the real life events that took place , but it fits together perfectly with some beautifully filmed action sequences , some excellent acting , a memorable score , and a clever script . 
the score during these scenes ingeniously adds to the excitement . 
charles martin smith is also fantastic as the final member who attempts to use an income tax offense against capone . 
one that not only presented a great challenge to the filmmakers but one that can be enjoyed by the whole family 
( although some very young viewers may be a little scared by judge doom ) . do yourself a favor and rent it , ` p - p - p - p - please . " 
watching it i was struck by just how brilliant a film it is . aside from the fact that it 's a milestone in animation in movies ( it 's the first film to combine real actors and cartoon characters , 
` who framed roger rabbit ' won 4 academy awards including a special achievement award for richard williams for animation direction and creation of the cartoon characters ( williams and his teams went through the film frame by frame and hand drew the cartoon characters in ) . 
it 's also quite an effective comedy / mystery . 
` who framed roger rabbit ' is a rare film . 
while the plot may be somewhat familiar the characters are original , especially baby herman , and watching them together is a lot of fun . 
watching it i was struck by just how brilliant a film it is . aside from the fact that it 's a milestone in animation in movies ( it 's the first film to combine real actors and cartoon characters , 
he , in addition to the rest of the human cast , finds the right note to play 
hoskins ' performance should be credited . 
while the plot may be somewhat familiar the characters are original , especially baby herman , and watching them together is a lot of fun . 
director robert zemekis must be given an equal amount of praise for overseeing the entire production , which included hundreds of animators . 
one that not only presented a great challenge to the filmmakers but one that can be enjoyed by the whole family 
have them interact , and make it convincingly real ) and a great entertainment 
stiller , unshaven ( burroughs take note ) and with lots of mascara around the eyes , has stahl stumble through the film looking like a train wreck but , to his credit , never once pushes his pill - popping , needle - jabbing performance over the top . 
the ubiquitous stiller is the reason to see " permanent midnight " ; a dark , comic , and strangely absorbing study of assisted living . 
while the film itself occasionally wobbles around along with stahl , the writing ( adapted from stahl 's autobiography by director david veloz ) is controlled and pointed . 
" as stahl , stiller contributes a commanding performance . 
the ubiquitous stiller is the reason to see " permanent midnight " ; a dark , comic , and strangely absorbing study of assisted living . 
there 's something about ben stiller that makes him a popular choice among casting directors these days . 
although most of the scenes were quite predictable , ransom is a very entertaining and suspenseful film . , 
" at this point , the plot thickened , and the unusually slow start of the film turned into a suspense - filled action film with great stunts . 
the last half of the film is very well done . 
gibson , of course , was just being gibson , in an oscar - worthy performance . 
by phil curtolo mel gibson ( braveheart ) gave a gripping performance as the father of a young kidnapped boy in ron howard 's ransom . 
" at this point , the plot thickened , and the unusually slow start of the film turned into a suspense - filled action film with great stunts . 
" before this movie , sinise played mostly " good guys , " first in of mice & men , then in forrest gump , and most recently , in apollo 13 . but he was surprisingly devilish and cold in his portrayal of a cop - gone - bad . 
another thing that carries this film are the superb performances by gibson and sinise , as they collide in a game of wits over their cellular phones for most of the movie . 
" at this point , the plot thickened , and the unusually slow start of the film turned into a suspense - filled action film with great stunts . 
this is apparently the first star trek film to utilize computer animation , and the result is very pleasing to the eye 
stewart is bold as always , a magnetic screen presence and perfectly capable of holding an entire film together . 
it 's an exciting , often hilarious movie that engaged me and left me ready for the next star trek film . 
it 's an exciting , often hilarious movie that engaged me and left me ready for the next star trek film . 
frakes showed similar aptitude for direction in first contact ; insurrection is an exciting film , with some really attractive special effects and a lot of good action . 
: particularly in the climactic scenes , in which the son'a employ a giant space ship to suck up the rings of the ba'ku planet , the special effects have a clean , impressively sharp look . 
, does a surprisingly good job of us new aspects of the characters . 
frakes showed similar aptitude for direction in first contact ; insurrection is an exciting film , with some really attractive special effects and a lot of good action . 
stewart is bold as always , a magnetic screen presence and perfectly capable of holding an entire film together . 
jonathan frakes , who also directed , is funny as commander riker ; a subplot with data ( brent spiner ) discovering his lost childhood is fairly interesting ; and abraham makes a perfect star trek villain , overacting like crazy . 
i simply enjoyed the film . 
jonathan frakes , who also directed , is funny as commander riker ; a subplot with data ( brent spiner ) discovering his lost childhood is fairly interesting ; and abraham makes a perfect star trek villain , overacting like crazy . 
jonathan frakes , who also directed , is funny as commander riker ; a subplot with data ( brent spiner ) discovering his lost childhood is fairly interesting ; and abraham makes a perfect star trek villain , overacting like crazy . 
or if you have hbo , just wait till it comes on 
and to my surprise , it grew on me . 
still , i found the cable guy to be a worthwhile venture ; if you 're at the video store and ca n't think of anything to rent , i suggest you try it out . 
not only did the film not do so hot at the box office , but it was also panned by critics . as far as i know , gene siskel and i are the only ones willing to admit that we dug it . 
i thought it was interesting and rather well - done 
still , i found the cable guy to be a worthwhile venture ; if you 're at the video store and ca n't think of anything to rent , i suggest you try it out . 
it 's a tremendously funny and intelligent picture , but it also has an emotional center -- writer / director / star warren beatty 
his script and direction are both extremely sharp , as is the surprisingly strong characterization of bulworth himself . ? 
it 's an angry , serious film at the core , but the package that beatty has created is so much more accessible 
i like that the film does n't take a clear shot at any of the political parties or affiliations , but at politics in general and how everything is run by the rich ( although the anti - rich sentiments do get a bit tiresome by the end of the film ) . ? 
but these are minor quibbles about an otherwise brilliant film . ? 
the supporting cast is vast and colorful . 
some of the segments are simply hilarious , such as a lengthy rap that he delivers at a luncheon dedicated to him . ? 
beatty 's work on both sides of the camera is excellent . ? 
bulworth is a smart , uproariously funny picture that proves to me that political satire can scratch far deeper than the surface . ? 
? berry is luminous , as always , and adds to her repertoire of solid supporting roles . ? 
cheadle has a good role as a drug dealer who uses gun - toting toddlers to do his dirty work . 
bulworth is a far better film than these , both in its execution and lasting impression . 
much of the film is completely absurd , but that 's the fun part about it . 
his script and direction are both extremely sharp , as is the surprisingly strong characterization of bulworth himself . ? 
hall has some interesting things to say about what we expect from the system , but perhaps not enough of them . 
spoon is an idea for a character at best as written by hall , but shakur displays an intelligence and survival instinct which struggle with his addiction . 
in gridlock'd , an oddly effective combination of gritty drama and social satire , shakur and his co - star tim roth take sketchy characters and make them exciting to watch through the pure energy of their talent and chemistry . 
in gridlock'd , an oddly effective combination of gritty drama and social satire , shakur and his co - star tim roth take sketchy characters and make them exciting to watch through the pure energy of their talent and chemistry . 
half as good as this . 
hilarious , ultra - low budget comedy from film school dropout kevin smith chronicles a day in the life of two convenience store slackers ( brian o'halloran and jeff anderson ) . 
a precious , rare look at a time period that still holds sway over us . 
this interaction between audience and performer continues throughout the film and becomes infectious to the audience . 
the excitement starts before the music even begins . 
from otis redding to jimi hendrix , janis joplin to the mamas and the papas , and jefferson airplane to the who , this documentary is jam - packed with contagious energy . 
and while the lyrics to " wild thing " may not be all that complicated , watching jimi hendrix mime having sex with his guitar is as captivating as otis redding singing about love . 
it 's impossible to tear your eyes away from janis joplin as she belts out her ballad about love being a ball and chain . 
the variety of music , as well as the beautifully shot performances , are easy to become immersed in . 
for those of us who were n't yet born when the 1960 's rock ' n ' rolled around , monterey pop affords an affectionate glimpse of the music that influenced our parents to be hippies . 
filmmaking goodfellas became something only the truly great films could do - work of art and excellent popular entertainment in the same time . because of this achievement , and also because of the great influence on future filmmakers , 
scorsese also manages to break viewer 's moralistic inhibitions by showing truly revolting material - scenes that depict personal tragedies , broken homes , human depravity , violence , bloodshed and murder - in all their uncompromising reality , but in a manner that would make it amusing and funny to the audience . 
lorraine bracco is , on the other hand , very effective and believable as karen hill , wife who gradually descends into same moral cesspool as her husband . 
filmmaking goodfellas became something only the truly great films could do - work of art and excellent popular entertainment in the same time . because of this achievement , and also because of the great influence on future filmmakers , 
even if we do n't pay attention to skills with which potentially disturbing material becomes eye pleasing and entertaining , we should admit that scorsese displays his talents of truly original and creative filmmaker . 
paul sorvino is also very effective as patriarch mafioso , and among the supporting cast most memorable is chuck low as pestering small - time gangster who unknowingly digs his own grave . 
scorsese also manages to break viewer 's moralistic inhibitions by showing truly revolting material - scenes that depict personal tragedies , broken homes , human depravity , violence , bloodshed and murder - in all their uncompromising reality , but in a manner that would make it amusing and funny to the audience . 
this cinematic gem deserves its rightful place among the best films of 1990s . 
scorsese managed to create a vision which is effective and complete despite being full of contradictions that would ripped the film apart in the hands of less talented filmmaker . 
joe pesci deserved his " oscar " for supporting role of homicidal psychopath tommy , and his lines , including ad - libs , probably represent the most memorable element of the film . 
this film was goodfellas , epic black comedy which is today considered as one of the best and most influential films of 1990s . 
goodfellas is an excellent example of a film that represents work of a film genius in his full glory . 
as a combination of clever sociological study , black humour and innovative filmmaking goodfellas became something only the truly great films could do - work of art and excellent popular entertainment in the same time . because of this achievement , and also because of the great influence on future filmmakers , 
filmmaking goodfellas became something only the truly great films could do - work of art and excellent popular entertainment in the same time . because of this achievement , and also because of the great influence on future filmmakers , 
another essential element of goodfellas is large but superb collection of great acting talents . 
ray liotta , although equally talented , perhaps does n't look as the best choice for narrator and nominal hero of the film . 
in the sequel the technical aspect of the film is close to perfection , creating a completely different atmosphere . 
the only element that remains constant and similar between the two films is the solid acting ( jeffrey donovan and tristine skyler should be mentioned ) and incredible sense of surrealism . 
with its graceful cinematography , production design and flashy editing , the film has a very polished look , which is impossible to associate with the first installment . 
the only element that remains constant and similar between the two films is the solid acting ( jeffrey donovan and tristine skyler should be mentioned ) and incredible sense of surrealism . 
but most importantly : it stands on its own ground and has almost no connection with the first movie , which does n't allow it to destroy the original . 
and though berlinger directs his film with an energy and pace that makes the adrenaline rush through the body a couple of times , he has obviously misunderstood the nature of his predecessor . 
certainly not bad . 
in the end , i ca n't call it a bad effort . 
everything the filmmakers want us to see has some significance - considering how intricate the detail is to every single shot , its lighting , art direction and overall production design , they do n't seem to be able to afford any gratuities . 
, it 's the whole reality ) that is n't just that neo - gothic look ( a la ` batman , ' ` blade runner , ' ) , but is so fully developed 
there 's a lot to like here , most notably the sheer visual look and style of it all which accounts for at least half the reasons the film is able to tell the story it does . 
but in this case , the total feeling of amnesia is an excellent tool towards characterization , developing the mood and outlining the story . 
still , the film is by no means bad and is consistently entertaining and enjoyable . 
with some films it might be just a secondary issue , but with ` dark city ' what we get is nearly an entire film committed to philosophizing and theorizing about human memory and how it defines who we are , which is a poignant theme made through an absolutely beautifully - constructed film with the kind of story and setting that could only happen in a movie . 
` dark city ' is what the movies are all about - the escape from the real world . 
which is what makes it so fascinating throughout its continual scenes of confusion and vertigo . 
the story as a whole is one of the most original to come out of hollywood in years . 
there 's a lot to like here , most notably the sheer visual look and style of it all which accounts for at least half the reasons the film is able to tell the story it does . 
this premise certainly is interesting and director and co - screenwriter alex proyas is able to keep the film consistently mysterious in this regard . 
everything the filmmakers want us to see has some significance - considering how intricate the detail is to every single shot , its lighting , art direction and overall production design , they do n't seem to be able to afford any gratuities . 
proceedings also get off on the right foot with the opening with 
dogma pays welcome homage to an eclectic batch of movies , including indiana jones and the last crusade , with silent bob doing his best harrison ford , and weird science - a shit demon attacks our heroes ! 
smith is nothing if not sincere about his own devotion to god , and that spirituality shines through 
she 's still in fine form 
and the scatalogical ensures that no lover of comedy will leave dogma feeling malnourished . 
the funniest disclaimer ever . 
the digitalized backgrounds on some of the planets are an astonishing sight . and yoda and young obi - wan are worth seeing for their origins in a simpler , happier time . 
the tatooine pod races are a triumph of effects and computer animation . 
above all , this is a fun movie . 
the lightsaber duels are amazing , and queen amidala 's sumptuous robes are fit to be worn by queen elizabeth . 
he does a good job of being a cute kid , which is apparently all lucas asked of him . 
this is your movie . 
but is it a worthwhile movie to see ? absolutely . 
and he does a good job . 
the digitalized backgrounds on some of the planets are an astonishing sight . and yoda and young obi - wan are worth seeing for their origins in a simpler , happier time . 
the effects are stunning , the digitalized creatures are amazingly realistic , 
the effects are stunning , the digitalized creatures are amazingly realistic , 
the film , which won best picture in 1967 focuses on vergil tibbs , played superbly by sidney poitier as a fearless african american police officer from philadelphia who refuses to give up on an investigation in a white town where is he not wanted . 
the film , which won best picture in 1967 focuses on vergil tibbs , played superbly by sidney poitier as a fearless african american police officer from philadelphia who refuses to give up on an investigation in a white town where is he not wanted . 
jewison 's determination to make this film as realistic as possible is very obvious here and also very appropriate . 
however , unlike " the hurricane " where denzel washington dominated over the rest of the cast , poitier shares the spotlight with rod steiger , who won best actor for his excellent performance . as a sheriff who helps tibbs and warns him of the dangers around him , steiger shows a great amount of skill in his role . 
" in the heat of the night " was the first and the best of the three films norman jewison directed concerning racism in america . 
he does an excellent job creating very detailed equal analyses of characters from the abused to the abusers . 
it displays this perfectly . 
( a congratulations has to be given to actor scott wilson . 
poitier also gives an excellent , noteworthy voice to his character . 
what i really enjoyed about steiger 's character was that he did not completely abandon his friends or connect with tibbs at the end of the film . 
the rushed ending was the only mistake of this otherwise memorable jewison classic . 
and maybe i 'm a bit biased towards the film because it takes place in a haven of literary academia , a place i 'm greatly fond of , and a place rarely explored in american cinema . 
in wonder boys his performance is n't showy or a tour de force , it 's simple yet truthful . 
suddenly my mind has shifted from the task at hand ( that being reviewing this completely wonderful movie ) 
it 's the cinematic equivalent to a good read , novelistic in its approach with themes rarely found in american movies . 
it fits . 
that 's part of its charm . 
he directs wonder boys in an appropriately dour style , the comedy coming from the false gloom his characters put up . 
the actor is perfectly cast here , and remains a joyous movie presence 
tobey maguire fits well in the role . 
many will find it slight , but i found much to savor among its subtleties . 
the actor is perfectly cast here , and remains a joyous movie presence 
i almost pissed myself during the " gas station " disaster , absolutely adored the " walk - off " contest ( with david bowie as the judge , no less ) and appreciated 
" ) i also really liked the soundtrack and the pace of the film , both of which zipped and zagged , and established a nice rhythm to it all . 
i especially liked andy dick 's complete make - over as the masseuse . 
i almost pissed myself during the " gas station " disaster , absolutely adored the " walk - off " contest ( with david bowie as the judge , no less ) and appreciated 
hi - larious ! 
" ) i also really liked the soundtrack and the pace of the film , both of which zipped and zagged , and established a nice rhythm to it all . 
but those few missteps were nothing compared to some of the more memorable scenes which definitely did work for me ! 
i personally enjoyed it for the most part , cracked up loudly during a couple of specific sequences and loved the derek zoolander character and the unrestrained whipping they released upon the fashion industry . snap ! 
it was also nice to see several real - life models with small roles in the movie , not taking themselves too seriously . 
i personally enjoyed it for the most part , cracked up loudly during a couple of specific sequences and loved the derek zoolander character and the unrestrained whipping they released upon the fashion industry . snap ! 
i personally enjoyed it for the most part , cracked up loudly during a couple of specific sequences and loved the derek zoolander character and the unrestrained whipping they released upon the fashion industry . snap ! 
i almost pissed myself during the " gas station " disaster , absolutely adored the " walk - off " contest ( with david bowie as the judge , no less ) and appreciated 
i personally enjoyed it for the most part , cracked up loudly during a couple of specific sequences and loved the derek zoolander character and the unrestrained whipping they released upon the fashion industry . snap ! 
director douglas keeve ( who was mizrahi 's lover at the time ) freely admits that he " could n't care less about the truth " but was more interested in capturing " the spirit and love in isaac and in fashion . " despite violating nearly every rule of " legitimate " documentary film making , however , unzipped is a remarkably enjoyable piece of entertainment . 
that 's beautiful and liberating , " it fits perfectly with the image of him that unzipped has constructed . 
while it sheds only a little light on the behind - the - scenes world of the fashion industry , it presents a fascinating , if incomplete , picture of designer mizrahi . 
films like this remind me as to what i enjoy about some foreign films . 
it does so entertainingly , and so heart - wrenchingly 
it is an opportunity for me to get a fresh breath in another part of the world , so distant from my own . 
( _ life is beautiful _ ) , prove that the true acting discoveries may be outside of the united states . 
fernanda montenegro surprisingly got an oscar nomination for this very delicate performance , but the true marvel is that of vinicius de oliveira , who plays josu ? . 
he is a natural , and never once grating . 
it feels oddly exciting to be introduced to young anakin , a boy whose innocence , we know , will be taken away and who will soon cross over to the dark side . 
in fact , it is terrific . 
around 70 % of the characters , if not more , are computer generated in one form or another , and though the effects are seamless , the movie lacks soul . 
he 's essentially a computer - animated sidekick who says things like " exqueeze me ? " and " mesa go now , okeday ? " , and although it is often amusing 
visually eye - popping and often paralyzingly exciting ; it also works as an elicitor of memories , a piece of exquisite nostalgia . ? 
( although director george lucas often chickens out by cutting away from them ) and the movie is a thrilling triumph . if it lacks in plot and in acting 
what made me surrender and give this movie 
his work here is nothing short of brilliant . 
visually eye - popping and often paralyzingly exciting ; it also works as an elicitor of memories , a piece of exquisite nostalgia . ? 
the climactic lightsaber battle 
the phantom menace , although lacking in human aspects of the story , is a very worthy installment in the star wars . 
the visual effects are astounding 
it makes up for it through imagination and excitement . 
his use of opera during the climax really does add a punch and his ingenious way of utilizing the imperial march as a sort of prophecy is chilling . 
loveable ? you bet . 
a life less ordinary was a delight and even had a bonus for me 
maybe not knowing the premise behind this film made for a pleasant surprise , 
he was great ! 
a life less ordinary is quirky , eccentric , and downright charming ! 
a life less ordinary was a delight and even had a bonus for me 
not for everyone , but a definite change of pace for your typical night at the movies . 
but i think even if i had known , i would have been just as happy . 
it works . 
but i do know this : ewan mcgregor , whom i had never had the pleasure of watching , definitely charmed me . 
, has all the qualities you would associate with the most beloved screen actor of the moment : fun , lively , and oh - so - nice . 
there 's no denying the entertainment value of that thing you do ! ; it 's just about impossible to hate . 
it should come as no surprise that hanks the director works well with the actors , eliciting charming , likable work from the entire cast , most notably hanks lookalike scott and tyler , who is remarkable in delivering the film 's biggest and best dramatic moment . 
it 's an inoffensive , enjoyable piece of nostalgia that is sure to leave audiences smiling and humming , if not singing , 
while this unbridled innocence in film is a refreshing change from all the sinful cinema around these days , there is not enough conflict to keep things consistently interesting . 
it 's an inoffensive , enjoyable piece of nostalgia that is sure to leave audiences smiling and humming , if not singing , 
hanks proves to be a capable writer - director , deftly recreating the innocent spirit of 1964 , which hanks calls " the last innocent year . 
there 's no denying the entertainment value of that thing you do ! ; it 's just about impossible to hate . 
the work of the young ensemble is so natural that they truly convince as teens of the early ' 60s ; they do not appear to be ' 90s grungers playacting " retro . 
, has all the qualities you would associate with the most beloved screen actor of the moment : fun , lively , and oh - so - nice . 
hanks proves to be a capable writer - director , deftly recreating the innocent spirit of 1964 , which hanks calls " the last innocent year . 
the movie as a whole is one fans will love , and it is a good stand alone viewing for nonfans to enjoy the series . 
the script is a classy piece of work , featuring a master who can spit slime out of his mouth and nice dialogue , and 
as good as this revival was , there is something missing from it to make sure it was really doctor who . 
jee tso shows promise as chang lee , and i 've seen him in other stuff in which he usually plays the punk kid who dies at the end ( this film included ) , which , imho , wastes his talent . 
the movie as a whole is one fans will love , and it is a good stand alone viewing for nonfans to enjoy the series . 
brings class to her role as dr . 
he looks right for the role , is a brilliant actor , and slips effortlessly into the role , the way my two favorites jon pertwee and tom baker would . 
the subtle cinematography by conrad hall is wonderful , capturing the season in all of it 's harsh beauty 
he quits his job ( actually blackmailing his employer for one year 's salary ) , starts smoking pot , fantasizes about his daughter 's girlfriend angela ( mena suvari , in a marvelous performance here ) , starts working out , and finally takes a job at the local fast food outlet . 
annette bening also turns in what may be the best performance of her career . 
. praise must also go to chris cooper who brings yet another angry father role to life with depth and resonance . 
it is simply one of this years best . 
spacey 's performance is so remarkably subtle and ingenuous , that we can be certain that come oscar ? time , 
we can be assured to see him name among the five nominees . 
and the depth of personality in each , is achingly honest and insightful . 
" oh grow up " , has fashioned one of the most insightful and expertly tuned screenplays to have hit the screen in the past ten years . not one character in this film rings falsely . 
. praise must also go to chris cooper who brings yet another angry father role to life with depth and resonance . 
it is a film that will be discussed and debated for years to come . 
" oh grow up " , has fashioned one of the most insightful and expertly tuned screenplays to have hit the screen in the past ten years . not one character in this film rings falsely . 
the subtle cinematography by conrad hall is wonderful , capturing the season in all of it 's harsh beauty 
director sam mendes handles all of the particulars of the cast and the settings with a sure and composed style that is neither intrusive nor subtle . 
thora birch is a young actress to watch 
kevin spacey turns in one of this years most pragmatic performances . 
bening makes the character of carolyn so compelling as to be identifiable to almost anyone . 
good will hunting has all three . if you are at all inclined to see it , by all means , go . 
williams is the only actor i can name who can make an audience cry just by smiling . 
robin williams is excellent in this role . 
he 's not an actor with a great range , but in the right roles he has great depth 
but this is a relatively small complaint about a very good movie . 
good will hunting has all three . if you are at all inclined to see it , by all means , go . 
it is emotionally engaging , but it 's not quite larger than life . 
in fact , it 's quite fresh and original . 
it 's a welcome change of pace for all who frequent the cineplexes . 
it 's his most commendable performance of the last three years - or more - and for walsh , it 's a complementary exclamation point on a fine career . 
there 's not much to dislike about pleasantville , and its dynamic nature makes it the perfect movie for those who want serious as well as those who do n't . 
also of lesser note is the supporting role by joan allen , and in viewing the entire cast works well together from start to finish . 
fine performances are turned in all around . maguire and witherspoon are effective as the leads , but the true complements go out to jeff daniels and 
daniels brings an atmosphere of awe , inspiration , and hope to his character , whereas walsh simply drips of sinister closemindedness - almost to the point where you can sense gene hackman 's envy . for daniels , 
so when a movie like gary ross ' pleasantville comes along , wrapped in a blanket of innovative ideas and served up on a platter of fine production , 
fine performances are turned in all around . maguire and witherspoon are effective as the leads , but the true complements go out to jeff daniels and 
fine performances are turned in all around . maguire and witherspoon are effective as the leads , but the true complements go out to jeff daniels and 
the story , both about the joys of living life to the fullest as well as the social ills of segregation , captures the essence of statement - making in the cinema . 
kudos to both he and his production staff for putting together this fine picture . 
skillfully brings a narrative with intense and intelligent undertones to the screen . 
there 's not much to dislike about pleasantville , and its dynamic nature makes it the perfect movie for those who want serious as well as those who do n't . 
as the every - man with the brains of a scientist and the brawn of an outdoors adventurer , and spielberg manages to achieve the ideal balance of action , fun , adventure and humor . 
prepare to gag yourself into a world of action - movie heaven ! 
, the mountains of adventure . 
you get one hot - fudge - rockin ' good time , that 's what you get ! ! ! 
if you 're a little older , you 'll appreciate the interesting plot line , the romance , and yes 
if you do n't enjoy this film , then you just do n't like action movies , period ! 
if you 're young , you 'll enjoy its humor , its cool action sequences and its gross - out factor at times . 
critique : astounding movie packed with non - stop action , stunts galore , an interesting story line , great one - liners , a solid cast , a catchy musical score , and all the fun and adventure that you could squeeze into a two - hour thrill ride . 
harrison ford is perfect 
if you 're young , you 'll enjoy its humor , its cool action sequences and its gross - out factor at times . 
if you 're a little older , you 'll appreciate the interesting plot line , the romance , and yes 
( if only a little cliched ) and the action is tight . 
i 'm not sure what the other jamaican films released in that country are like , but apparently third world cop 's honors are well deserved . 
just adds to the interest . 
the end credit song , ` we run tings ' , by the group red dragon , is pretty decent and carries on the theme of the movie established early on by the quote that opens this review . 
the make - up effects are particularly good in these scenes as well , with flawless squib work on display from the effects team . 
mark danvers evokes sympathy 
overall , third world cop is a pretty entertaining homage to the films of john woo , ringo lam , tsui hark , and many other action films by directors from hong kong . 
you ca n't go wrong with this film . 
, essays his role perfectly , displaying the right amount of menace and compassion at the right times . 
the action scenes are handled with a kind of flair though , and eventually begin to take on a life of their own 
shots are handled so efficiently that they quickly take on the nuances of the aforementioned john woo films , although the action is n't as hyperkinetic as most of woo 's films are . 
torn between doing his job and protecting his best friend , capone must make some hard decisions in order to make things right again . directed deftly by first time jamaican filmmaker chris browne ( assistant director for such american films as how stella got her groove back and instinct ) , one hardly notices the film was shot on video after a while . 
the make - up effects are particularly good in these scenes as well , with flawless squib work on display from the effects team . 
, essays his role perfectly , displaying the right amount of menace and compassion at the right times . 
the performances and the story are solid 
the cast is superb and listening to their dialogue , spoken with thick jamaican accents ( half of which have to be subtitled because of their extensive use of slang ) , 
i 'll probably never see home alone 3 , and i wish i had skipped home alone 2 , but i do enjoy home alone almost every year 
it 's a lot of fun , and it does n't overwhelm the rest of the movie 
do n't let your impressions of the others detract from the original , which has much more to offer than cartoon slapstick . 
still , we can see that kevin 's character grows , thanks to some good direction and editing 
this last act is full of violent comedic slapstick , and after the movie 's genuine dramatic setup , it is dessert . 
actually has a lot going for it , and the cartoon slapstick does n't get in the way . 
it 's a lot of fun , and it does n't overwhelm the rest of the movie 
on the whole , home alone is a great holiday movie . 
i enjoyed this film was , that while being a comedy , the film also had an intelligent story to tell . 
i enjoyed this film was , that while being a comedy , the film also had an intelligent story to tell . 
an intelligent , well - thought out , film about real people with real problems told in an often hilarious way . 
i thought the kids reaction were highly realistic 
unlike many comedies this film tries , and succeeds , in getting past the stage of doing anything for a laugh . 
i like this film is that i like b- science fiction movies . 
enjoy ! 
matinee is not like that . 
so i would definitely recommend this film to anyone looking for a light hearted , yet interesting way to spend a couple of hours . 
if you think about it the threat of nuclear annihilation seems hardly to be the backdrop for a comedy , but it works here . 
the performances of all the principals are right on the mark , particularly john goodman as the schlock master . 
quick and easy review : i really enjoyed matinee . 
the makers of the film also cared about telling an intelligent story . 
the mixture of comedy and tension blended nicely . 
so again i would like to recommend matinee to anybody looking for a good , humorous story . 
and this is the best type of inspirational film ; the one that you take something with you . 
: note how multi - dimensional his character is 
so _ october sky _ , far from being merely a feel - good inspirational film , offers much food for thought . 
this is will be one of the great unnoticed performances of the year 
a favorite actor of mine 
but the joy in a film like this is in the little details . 
now for the second half , it is explosive , and saves the movie . 
but i will admit the special effects and the acting were above par , deserving the rating above . 
the sound , the music , and all the effects were effective , and the last hour kept us entertained . 
the sound , the music , and all the effects were effective , and the last hour kept us entertained . 
i did like it and i was entertained . 
some of the special effects and fighting were breathtaking . 
great john belushi , is the man . 
. do yourself a favor and go see it . 
* the * funniest movie ever made . 
this is the fucnniest movie int he history of the world 
and this is n't just my opinion , either ; everybody knows this , and that 's why about a gazillion inferior rip - offs have been made , trying to duplicate its success . 
the material is brought to life by the terrific ensemble of actors . 
williams delivers a nice dramatic turn ; affleck , a hot up - and - coming actor himself ( chasing amy ) , turns up in a warm and charming performance as will 's best friend ; and the ever - appealing minnie driver shines as will 's harvard - schooled love interest . 
then , of course , there is damon , who nicely juggles the weighty ( the insurance case , the spousal abuse ) and the humorous ( rudy 's often comical naivete ) requirements of his role without missing a beat . as good as he is in the rainmaker , damon showcases the depth of his talent in good 
good will hunting is the touchy - feely enterprise its plot synopsis suggests , but to simply dismiss it as that would be to discount the true emotional chords affleck and damon 's intelligent script touches . 
the inclusion of the battered wife subplot feels rather superfluous , but danes is as superb as always . 
then , of course , there is damon , who nicely juggles the weighty ( the insurance case , the spousal abuse ) and the humorous ( rudy 's often comical naivete ) requirements of his role without missing a beat . as good as he is in the rainmaker , damon showcases the depth of his talent in good 
coppola 's most notable -- and effective -- contribution to the tried - and - true grisham formula is a sense of humor about itself , which largely comes in the presence of danny devito ( as rudy 's unlicensed co - counsel ) and golden globe nominee jon voight ( as the insurance company 's hotshot attorney ) . 
williams delivers a nice dramatic turn ; affleck , a hot up - and - coming actor himself ( chasing amy ) , turns up in a warm and charming performance as will 's best friend ; and the ever - appealing minnie driver shines as will 's harvard - schooled love interest . 
written for the screen and directed by coppola , the rainmaker is the best grisham film yet 
williams delivers a nice dramatic turn ; affleck , a hot up - and - coming actor himself ( chasing amy ) , turns up in a warm and charming performance as will 's best friend ; and the ever - appealing minnie driver shines as will 's harvard - schooled love interest . 
is one name we will be hearing a lot more of in the years to come . 
i am envious that nolan has concocted such a brilliant , involved , original movie as this . 
" memento " is endlessly exciting and inventive , a rare story which keeps the viewers guessing during the film itself , and mulling over its connotations long after leaving the theatre . 
pierce is terrific 
the script is unlike any i have ever seen -- a notable achievement in these days of recycled hollywood homogeneity . 
, all the performances rise to the occasion . 
" memento " may be the year 's best screenplay , and is certainly amongst the top theatrical attractions of 2001 . 
as the troubled leonard ; moss shows great range as enigmatic natalie ; and pantoliano 's teddy achieves a splendidly affable yet sinister quality . 
although the idea of starting at the " conclusion " of the plotline and then moving backward in time to the " start " is not entirely new , never before have i witnessed it executed with such flair and coherence . 
the script is unlike any i have ever seen -- a notable achievement in these days of recycled hollywood homogeneity . 
and it is not merely an exercise in cerebrality ; there is plenty of action and an unexpected dose of humour to keep the proceedings lively . 
an instant film noir classic , " memento " is virtually flawless . 
" memento " is endlessly exciting and inventive , a rare story which keeps the viewers guessing during the film itself , and mulling over its connotations long after leaving the theatre . 
an instant film noir classic , " memento " is virtually flawless . 
" memento " may be the year 's best screenplay , and is certainly amongst the top theatrical attractions of 2001 . 
as the troubled leonard ; moss shows great range as enigmatic natalie ; and pantoliano 's teddy achieves a splendidly affable yet sinister quality . 
nolan 's direction is equally effective , never losing its crispness and clarity despite " memento " 's challenging gimmick . 
but deepa mehta 's directon is assured , and the issues she addresses run deep . 
such films strike me as inherently valuable , even when flawed . 
they may be biased or inaccurate , but they bear the weight of human hardship , and this confers on them a nobility and gravity which other , more inventive films , often lack . 
get shorty is my kind of movie , one that mixes intelligent humor with action and violence . 
but it is definitely one of the most entertaining movies i 've seen this year 
it works in this case , unlike " who 's the boss ? " although it 's interesting to note that tony danza has signed a contract with the devil also . 
get shorty is my kind of movie , one that mixes intelligent humor with action and violence . 
gibson again teams up with richard donner , as he did in the lethal weapon films and maverick , and this time around , the combination works even better . 
and even if you are n't , you should still like this film . 
and last , i was surprised at how good the plot is . 
gibson 's performance is terrific , and his character is similar to that of martin riggs in the lethal weapon films . 
he provided a fantastic performance . 
mel gibson is n't the only stand - out in the film . 
i am nearly positive everyone should enjoy this film , especially if you are into an action - thriller with witty dialogue and numerous suspenseful situations . 
do n't get me wrong , it 's not going to be accepting any gold trophies next spring , but it was a very enjoyable movie . 
to begin with , i was surprised at how good it was 
, make sure you are standing in line to see it . 
julia roberts is very good in her performance as alice sutton , the department of justice employee who ca n't seem to stay away from jerry fletcher , who continually visits alice in hopes that she will do something about his theories . 
the character of jerry fletcher is indeed unique . try to imagine a toned - downed version of travis bickle who , this time around , is a jittery guy with knowledge of government conspiracy cover - ups . if you can imagine that , then you 've basically got jerry fletcher . 
the remainder of the film is almost always fast - paced and full of action and suspense , with jerry 's life being constantly put into jeopardy . 
not only did i get to see an advance screening , i was able to see an advance screening of a * very good * movie . 
gibson 's character has an almost uncountable number of one - liners , hilarious situations , and his character is one that the audience tends to side with throughout the film . 
writer brian helgeland has created a terrific story , and when watching this film , you are left to wonder if all of jerry fletcher 's far - fetched ( or so they seem at first ) 
however , after about an hour everything comes together and the formula , like it or not , clicks . 
kids will no doubt go ga - ga over " mulan " ( or at least the fast food tie - ins ) , but familiarity can , after a while , leave grown - ups -- this reviewer included -- wishing for a little more . 
voiced by ming - na wen , mulan is disney 's strongest female character to date . 
highlights include a spectacular cavalry charge on a snow - covered pass ( which , due to the sophistication of today 's computer - generated imagery , is hard to tell from the real thing ) , a memorable , show - stopping musical interlude 
highlights include a spectacular cavalry charge on a snow - covered pass ( which , due to the sophistication of today 's computer - generated imagery , is hard to tell from the real thing ) , a memorable , show - stopping musical interlude 
also . . . there were interesting side stories that made the plot more interesting . 
it was good ! ! 
the best view . 
it had excellent special effects . 
twister was good but had no real plot and no one to simpithize with . 
i liked this movie . . . 
but twister had amazing effects 
i was still good none the less . 
the highlights include a nifty round of animated action ( herc battling a cgi hydra ) , a steady stream of anachronisms 
so , hercules is a bit of a long sit , but you wo n't stay bored . 
great wit , great art , and a great villain 
the highlights include a nifty round of animated action ( herc battling a cgi hydra ) , a steady stream of anachronisms 
while not as rock - solid as hunchback , it 's a still a new world of improvement over pocohontas . 
i laughed at all the disney swipes , but found the mentality behind them a bit sad . 
the laughs come fast and furious , and the moral , tainted though it may be , is a good one . to trot out a clich ? , " shrek " is fun for all ages . 
the laughs come fast and furious , and the moral , tainted though it may be , is a good one . to trot out a clich ? , " shrek " is fun for all ages . 
it offers imaginative visuals , appealing new characters mixed with a host of familiar faces , loads of action and a barrage of big laughs ( including numerous gags related to body functions and yucky substances , apparently a requisite in contemporary family films ) . 
all in all , " shrek " is a snappy ride , although there are a couple of points i found disturbing . 
still , " shrek " is a rollicking good time . 
( although several key characters look like animated rubber squeeze toys and the human movements are often jerky ) , the voice work is strong ( particularly from eddie murphy ) , 
it offers imaginative visuals , appealing new characters mixed with a host of familiar faces , loads of action and a barrage of big laughs ( including numerous gags related to body functions and yucky substances , apparently a requisite in contemporary family films ) . 
it offers imaginative visuals , appealing new characters mixed with a host of familiar faces , loads of action and a barrage of big laughs ( including numerous gags related to body functions and yucky substances , apparently a requisite in contemporary family films ) . 
the computer animation is mostly impressive 
the laughs come fast and furious , and the moral , tainted though it may be , is a good one . to trot out a clich ? , " shrek " is fun for all ages . 
the scene is comical , awkward , moving , and beautiful . 
there 's also an interesting scene where goro introduces tampopo and her son to a bunch of street people who , despite their economic trappings , are all gourmets and master sommeliers . 
this film is filled with many little scenes which are absolute gems . 
this scene , while comical , is very effective at filling the viewer with a sense of trepidation , then of relief and discovery . 
from a technical point - of - view , the space battles are amazing , easily hindering anything depicted in the previous films . 
the chemistry amongst the trio is terrific . 
not only are there many , many more ships , but their speed and range of movement have been dramatically improved . 
although it was great fun watching star wars and the empire strikes back on the big screen , return of the jedi generates a greater sense of enjoyment . with the spectacular , new special effects , the adorable ewoks , the sinister jabba the hutt , the evil emperor , the same old millenium falcon , darth vader 's incredible betrayal , the destruction of the new death star , and the always lovable yoda , return of the jedi concludes one of the greatest trilogies ever made with a huge bang . congratulations to george lucas , whose innovative mind entertains us now and will continue to entertain generations to come . , 
although it was great fun watching star wars and the empire strikes back on the big screen , return of the jedi generates a greater sense of enjoyment . with the spectacular , new special effects , the adorable ewoks , the sinister jabba the hutt , the evil emperor , the same old millenium falcon , darth vader 's incredible betrayal , the destruction of the new death star , and the always lovable yoda , return of the jedi concludes one of the greatest trilogies ever made with a huge bang . congratulations to george lucas , whose innovative mind entertains us now and will continue to entertain generations to come . , 
although it was great fun watching star wars and the empire strikes back on the big screen , return of the jedi generates a greater sense of enjoyment . with the spectacular , new special effects , the adorable ewoks , the sinister jabba the hutt , the evil emperor , the same old millenium falcon , darth vader 's incredible betrayal , the destruction of the new death star , and the always lovable yoda , return of the jedi concludes one of the greatest trilogies ever made with a huge bang . congratulations to george lucas , whose innovative mind entertains us now and will continue to entertain generations to come . , 
although it was great fun watching star wars and the empire strikes back on the big screen , return of the jedi generates a greater sense of enjoyment . with the spectacular , new special effects , the adorable ewoks , the sinister jabba the hutt , the evil emperor , the same old millenium falcon , darth vader 's incredible betrayal , the destruction of the new death star , and the always lovable yoda , return of the jedi concludes one of the greatest trilogies ever made with a huge bang . congratulations to george lucas , whose innovative mind entertains us now and will continue to entertain generations to come . , 
return of the jedi , the final installment of the series , is easily the most innovative , action - packed , and entertaining of the three films . 
on one level , return of the jedi is almost worth watching for the special effects . 
in the special edition , even more ships are added , making the final space battle incredibly fun to watch . 
although it was great fun watching star wars and the empire strikes back on the big screen , return of the jedi generates a greater sense of enjoyment . with the spectacular , new special effects , the adorable ewoks , the sinister jabba the hutt , the evil emperor , the same old millenium falcon , darth vader 's incredible betrayal , the destruction of the new death star , and the always lovable yoda , return of the jedi concludes one of the greatest trilogies ever made with a huge bang . congratulations to george lucas , whose innovative mind entertains us now and will continue to entertain generations to come . , 
from a hysterical scene involving a music group to the dreaded beast outside jabba 's sand barge , the effects are top notch . as soon as han is freed from his cryo - freeze and rescued from the clutches of the evil jabba the hutt , it 's back to outer space , where the rebel alliance is about to face the empire 's newest threat : a second , more powerful death star , that , if activated , could spell doom for anyone who stands against the emperor . 
although it was great fun watching star wars and the empire strikes back on the big screen , return of the jedi generates a greater sense of enjoyment . with the spectacular , new special effects , the adorable ewoks , the sinister jabba the hutt , the evil emperor , the same old millenium falcon , darth vader 's incredible betrayal , the destruction of the new death star , and the always lovable yoda , return of the jedi concludes one of the greatest trilogies ever made with a huge bang . congratulations to george lucas , whose innovative mind entertains us now and will continue to entertain generations to come . , 
a lesser animated feature would have drawn up paper - thin stereotypes and figure the kids wo n't mind , but " the iron giant " has clearly put a little work into making the characters real , and it pays off . 
does a nice characterization as dean , and i really enjoyed the voice work of john mahoney ( of tv 's " frasier " ) as an army general called in by agent mansley . 
instead of seeing people get bonked on the head , we get well - timed , clever gags that seem to have required some imagination to come up with 
a sequence where hogarth and mansley attempt to " outlast " one another by trying to stay awake is very nicely timed , and also extremely clever . 
it 's also very funny , and the humor is of the kind that both children and adults will enjoy . 
does a nice characterization as dean , and i really enjoyed the voice work of john mahoney ( of tv 's " frasier " ) as an army general called in by agent mansley . 
the iron giant " is exactly what family films ought to be , because it doesn ' t talk down to its audience . 
fine voice work is turned in by young eli marienthal as hogarth , and jennifer aniston is surprisingly convincing as his waitress mother . 
the scenes in which hogarth teaches the giant to do certain things , such as dive into a pool , are handled well , and director brad bird clearly has a sense of comic timing , having worked on " the simpsons " for many years . 
the iron giant " has much more of a satirical edge to it than most family films , and the edgy humor is actually quite refreshing . 
the film delivers several serious messages , the most important of which is one 's ability to choose one 's own fate . 
the final sequence is touching and appropriate , though i wo n't give it away , i will say that very few will be disappointed . 
a lesser animated feature would have drawn up paper - thin stereotypes and figure the kids wo n't mind , but " the iron giant " has clearly put a little work into making the characters real , and it pays off . 
a sequence where hogarth and mansley attempt to " outlast " one another by trying to stay awake is very nicely timed , and also extremely clever . 
it 's also very funny , and the humor is of the kind that both children and adults will enjoy . 
the scenes in which hogarth teaches the giant to do certain things , such as dive into a pool , are handled well , and director brad bird clearly has a sense of comic timing , having worked on " the simpsons " for many years . 
the film holds many of the better elements of spielberg 's film , such as the ability to be sentimental without turning sappy . 
the animation , while not up to disney standards ( what could be , after " tarzan " ? ) , is good enough to make you forget you 're watching a cartoon . 
fine voice work is turned in by young eli marienthal as hogarth , and jennifer aniston is surprisingly convincing as his waitress mother . 
the iron giant " holds absolutely no contempt for the young people in the audience , making it a film that 's enjoyable for both children and adults alike 
the characters ' faces are done quite well , drawn realistically enough to make the personalities credible , but the features are exaggerated so as to allow for the cartoonish expressions that provide for comic relief . 
instead of seeing people get bonked on the head , we get well - timed , clever gags that seem to have required some imagination to come up with 
" the widow of saint - pierre " ) is delightful - particularly with a blown - up condom perched on his head , riding on a float in a gay pride parade - and gerard depardieu delivers one of his most restrained , and effective , performances . 
writer / director francis verber artfully milks the farcical comedy as he dissects the hypocrisy of political correctness , veering off - track only occasionally into pedophilia . 
" the widow of saint - pierre " ) is delightful - particularly with a blown - up condom perched on his head , riding on a float in a gay pride parade - and gerard depardieu delivers one of his most restrained , and effective , performances . 
it 's so clever 
susan granger 's review of " the closet " ( miramax films ) in this hilarious french farce , a shy , boring accountant ( daniel auteil ) named francois pignon discovers 
gladiator begins with a great battle sequence between the roman army and germania , and actually is able to maintain interest during the now required " 40 minutes of exposition after a kick ass opening sequence " style of moviemaking . 
another film to add to the list of damn fine flicks released in 2000 a . 
the actual gladiator battles are thrilling , but also a bit disjointed . 
it 's sad that such a good film has these distractions . 
it 's ironic that this film probably would have gotten him back into real movies again , as he gives a fun and sincere performance . 
does a very effective job of making commodus a person and not just a cartoon character ( which could have easily happened ) . 
but he should have it now . 
he gets the best scene in the film ( and one of the best moments of all recent movies ) when he reveals his identity to commodus in the colisseum . 
it 's a very good ( and very creepy ) performance . 
however it 's a work of fiction that 's great entertainment , and 
it 's both rousing and chilling 
, it is one of the great films this year , and as of this writing , the one to beat for best film . masterful . miraculous . a must - see . 
what a great film . what a stunning , touching , heart - wrenching , heart - warming , life - affirming , miraculous film . 
there are many other scenes , especially in the first half , which are bright and loopy and funny and silly 
benigni+s film has won audience awards at cannes , at toronto , and is a definite shoo - in for best foreign language film 
surprisingly , it works . 
, it is one of the great films this year , and as of this writing , the one to beat for best film . masterful . miraculous . a must - see . 
. slapstick reigns , and although the film is subtitled , there was no doubt that a universal language was being conveyed . 
, it is one of the great films this year , and as of this writing , the one to beat for best film . masterful . miraculous . a must - see . 
, it is one of the great films this year , and as of this writing , the one to beat for best film . masterful . miraculous . a must - see . 
it swept the italian academy awards . 
, it is one of the great films this year , and as of this writing , the one to beat for best film . masterful . miraculous . a must - see . 
it = is one of the great satirical scenes in modern cinema . 
look no further 
dinsmoor , while robert de niro carries off the convict part suitably . 
both actors deliver immensely likable performances , and their dynamic is manifest . 
the sixth sense ( atmospherically shot by the silence of the lambs ' cinematographer , tak fujimoto ) is actually a drama - its spooky , effective ad campaign is misleading . 
osment is phenomenal , a true professional who resists mugging for the camera like some child stars with too much experience in television commercials do . 
the story unfurls slowly but engrossingly ; its unexpected finish is definitely worth the wait . 
osment is phenomenal , a true professional who resists mugging for the camera like some child stars with too much experience in television commercials do . 
i 'm not sure said big twist ending is bulletproof , but i admired its audacity . 
both actors deliver immensely likable performances , and their dynamic is manifest . 
and that is exactly what this film is ; art . 
i have not seen any horror film cover the intellectual ground that this film covers 
either way , i suggest investing your money in a copy . 
it was so much fun for me watching the original nosferatu . 
if you 're like me , just do what i 'll do during future viewings ; turn the color all the way down on your television , hit mute , turn on some bach or mozart or whatever , dim the lights and prepare to view what is truly one of the greatest films ever made . 
however , this version is quite different than maunau 's original masterpiece . 
this fine film is by purchasing a copy of arrow entertainment 's digitally restored cut , now available in stores . 
thomas kretschmann is chillingly effective as alfredo , and marco leonardi ( of cinema paradiso , and possibly the most gorgeous looking man in italy ) does okay as anna 's work colleague and increasingly confused love interest . 
, morricone has scored over 100 films in his career and this must rate as one of his finest efforts . 
grim stuff , to be sure , but the subject of a remarkable film from italy 's master of the horror thriller dario argento . boasting an unforgettable soundtrack from the grandfather of film music ennio morricone 
argento is once again working in his native italy , and he fully exploits the opportunities to use art and architecture for both symbolic statements and as departure points for several brilliant hallucinogenic sequences . effects whiz sergio stivaletti serves his director well here , and the cinematography by giuseppe rotunno is consistently excellent . 
argento is once again working in his native italy , and he fully exploits the opportunities to use art and architecture for both symbolic statements and as departure points for several brilliant hallucinogenic sequences . effects whiz sergio stivaletti serves his director well here , and the cinematography by giuseppe rotunno is consistently excellent . 
the cast is generally good , though marred at times by dubbing into english that renders speech all but emotionless . 
proof that , at his most inspired , argento remains one of the world 's most exhilarating filmmakers . 
argento is once again working in his native italy , and he fully exploits the opportunities to use art and architecture for both symbolic statements and as departure points for several brilliant hallucinogenic sequences . effects whiz sergio stivaletti serves his director well here , and the cinematography by giuseppe rotunno is consistently excellent . 
but as dark as its themes are , the stendhal syndrome emerges as one of the most artful and effective european thrillers of the last ten years . 
argento is once again working in his native italy , and he fully exploits the opportunities to use art and architecture for both symbolic statements and as departure points for several brilliant hallucinogenic sequences . effects whiz sergio stivaletti serves his director well here , and the cinematography by giuseppe rotunno is consistently excellent . 
she deserves applause for her efforts . 
but by the closing scenes , the stendhal syndrome has already offered us enough to qualify as one of the very best films of dario argento 's career . 
argento is once again working in his native italy , and he fully exploits the opportunities to use art and architecture for both symbolic statements and as departure points for several brilliant hallucinogenic sequences . effects whiz sergio stivaletti serves his director well here , and the cinematography by giuseppe rotunno is consistently excellent . 
a gripping story evolves , and a coherent one , too , which may surprise those familiar with argento 's often lumpy narratives . 
this is a long welcome reunion . 
, the stendhal syndrome is a quite magnificent return to form for argento . 
brady is newcomer eamonn owens and he is , without a doubt , a revelation 
but it 's his wall - to - wall narration as the butcher boy of the title 
close your eyes for a moment , if you will , and imagine the sound of stephen rea 's gaelic brogue , silky smooth and irish like a pint of guinness . 
, da brady 's son , francis , that makes rea 's " performance " worth watching , worth listening to . 
rea talks us through it , beautifully , and owens drags us though it , 
admirably 
, and , in tandem with jordan 's sure hand , theirs are contributions to make " the butcher boy " a film worth savoring . 
a voice that deliciously conjures scenes both porcine and puerile , like those out of " delicatessen , " or " the tin drum . 
it 's not as outlandish as the trailers make out ; instead , this remarkable film focuses on the effects external influences have on the friendship between two boys ( schoolboy chums in real life ) , allowing us to empathize with their plight in the presence of extraordinary behavior . 
it 's impossible to take your eyes off him . 
but it 's fundamentally very funny 
. for as much as rea 's voiceover permeates almost every scene of " the butcher boy , " owens commands virtually every frame . 
" contributes a restrained and managed performance as da brady , a small town drunk in an unnamed irish community in the 1960s . 
the accomplished irish actor most notable from his star turn in jordan 's " the crying game , 
, and , in tandem with jordan 's sure hand , theirs are contributions to make " the butcher boy " a film worth savoring . 
director jordan 's vivid treatment of pat mccabe 's nightmare novel produces a sometimes disturbing , dark comedy littered with surreal touches ( such as sin ? 
his direction is stylish without being pretentious , and his writing is mature , full , and developed . 
at the end of the film , i was involved in the characters , and 
: he has created a great film here , one that had me interested and fascinated from the first shot to the final moment . 
and , with kasdan 's undeniable talent at such a young age , all i can do is hope to see a lot more from him in the future . 
ben stiller is also a very funny individual ; he 's the kind of comedian who makes normal lines sound funny . 
: he has created a great film here , one that had me interested and fascinated from the first shot to the final moment . 
-- smart , original films like this are rare as it is , but this one actually has a heart and a soul 
-- smart , original films like this are rare as it is , but this one actually has a heart and a soul 
pullman is terrific as zero , showing a comic flair that i really have n't seen from him since spaceballs . 
i ca n't convey to you how funny this is , but what makes it great film making is that it has a point -- scenes like this are frequent , and they provide solid characterization of zero . 
i find zero effect to be an immensely funny and witty film . 
ben stiller is also a very funny individual ; he 's the kind of comedian who makes normal lines sound funny . 
but he did n't just successfully avoid flaws 
i have a feeling the humor here wo n't appeal to everyone , but there 's certainly enough story and character development to keep anyone 's interest . 
it 's an original , funny , and completely involving motion picture . 
o'neal also gives his character a bit of depth ; and kim dickens , last seen ( and underused ) in mercury rising , gets a chance to show us her talent here , giving gloria the realism this kind of character really needs . 
and , with kasdan 's undeniable talent at such a young age , all i can do is hope to see a lot more from him in the future . 
pullman 's performance is much more layered than it might seem at first glance , and the occasional voice - over as he 's going through the motions of his job are insightful and often hilarious 
pullman 's performance is much more layered than it might seem at first glance , and the occasional voice - over as he 's going through the motions of his job are insightful and often hilarious 
zero effect is the kind of film that i 'll buy for my collection 
i was satisfied with the outcome . 
" his character is also well - drawn , with an interesting subplot involving his girlfriend ( angela featherstone ) who is not happy with the extensive amounts of time he must spend away from her due to the unpredictability of his job . 
the great cast of characters . 
pullman is terrific as zero , showing a comic flair that i really have n't seen from him since spaceballs . 
o'neal also gives his character a bit of depth ; and kim dickens , last seen ( and underused ) in mercury rising , gets a chance to show us her talent here , giving gloria the realism this kind of character really needs . 
kasdan 's humor is of the best kind -- 
i found this out after seeing the film , and i ca n't remember ever being so impressed with a film maker . 
i ca n't convey to you how funny this is , but what makes it great film making is that it has a point -- scenes like this are frequent , and they provide solid characterization of zero . 
there are some great visual jokes ) . 
the humor especially works well in this case , for the story is so preposterous that the laughs help to keep things from taking things too seriously . 
anyone simply looking for a fun , escapist entertainment that requires little - to - no thinking will find this film to be a more - than - welcome kiss . 
a preposterous but incredibly fun action thriller directed by her husband , renny harlin . 
however , geena davis could very well become the first bankable american female action star 
but there 's no argument that the more unbelievable sequences are original and entertaining as hell : who can resist the sight of davis tossing her daughter from a hole in her house into the nearby treehouse or chasing after a car . 
jackson is funny as ever as ever 
as good as he is , the one who should benefit the most from this project is davis , who shows much promise as an action heroine . 
what makes her so effective and why she should succeed where streep and lee failed is that she does n't take herself too seriously . 
anyone simply looking for a fun , escapist entertainment that requires little - to - no thinking will find this film to be a more - than - welcome kiss . 
the script juggles some impressive action scenes with funny , quirky dialogue . 
; in fact , his spirited line deliveries , especially when he first appears , are more than reminiscent of his work as jules in pulp fiction . 
while ice skating ? jackson and davis make a good team 
it delivers the goods . 
the two actors , however , carry the movie well enough , but the supporting cast is what makes this movie shine . 
veteran actors such as jeffrey jones and michael gough ( who played the butler alfred in all four recent batman flicks ) are terrific 
depp is adequate in his role . 
not only does it have a sense of history , but burton 's skillful use of setting and mood make this an entertaining exercise in horror . 
the two actors , however , carry the movie well enough , but the supporting cast is what makes this movie shine . 
not only does it have a sense of history , but burton 's skillful use of setting and mood make this an entertaining exercise in horror . 
equally adequate is christina ricci , who plays the love interest in the film . 
certainly does n't hurt his growing reputation . 
sleepy hollow , his newest feature which fans have been anticipating for a while , shares the similar dark and atmospheric style of his earlier work and counts among his better movies . 
with the recent disappointments in theatrically released horror movies , especially the blair witch project ( the most overblown turkey of the decade ) , we needed a film like this . 
if you 're looking for a good scare , however , sleepy hollow is definately recommended . 
genuine or not , i have to admit , there 's just something incredibly fun 
you might very well like it . 
whether jackie wins or loses , it 's really something to see . . . 
still , if you like martial arts films , or like what you 've seen so far of jackie chan and want to see more , give it a shot . 
thankfully , " drunken master " , at least , is available in the aspect ratio in which it was meant to be seen , at a very affordable price . 
also , for a rather different interpretation of the character wong fei - hong ( who is in fact a popular figure from chinese folklore ) , i 've been told to suggest the " once upon a time in china " series starring jet li ( though i have n't personally seen any of them yet ) . if you choose to watch " drunken master " , i really hope you enjoy it , and i hope it starts to open your eyes to the wonderful world of asian cinema 
but they 're still hilarious as ever . 
likewise , jackie has a _ great _ supporting cast , many of whom were also in other early jackie films , and they 're often the source of plenty of hilarity on their own . 
in his fights , jackie often makes use of objects found in his environment-- benches , jugs , cups , bowls , fruits and vegetables -- often in new and surprising ways . 
and it 's often as funny as anything , too . 
and funny is the other thing jackie chan is very , very good at 
also , for a rather different interpretation of the character wong fei - hong ( who is in fact a popular figure from chinese folklore ) , i 've been told to suggest the " once upon a time in china " series starring jet li ( though i have n't personally seen any of them yet ) . if you choose to watch " drunken master " , i really hope you enjoy it , and i hope it starts to open your eyes to the wonderful world of asian cinema 
the fight scenes , particularly those toward the end of the film , are unparallelled in most american films . 
carefully choreographed as any ballet performance , and it shows . 
does a great job with this film . 
from here on , the plot takes a back seat , and we are treated to some of the best camera work and action staged . 
daylight is a great film 
most all the action is plausible and will hold you at the edge of your seat . 
there is no general antagonist in this film , but the action and suspense makes you forget all about that . 
, i saw a non - matinee showing of it , and i thought it was worth every penny . 
daylight is a great disaster movie . if you 've seen cliffhanger , you 'll know stallone 's character already . 
i even liked the final scene , which features frank and john both fighting the same man simultaneously in different time periods . 
elizabeth mitchell gets stuck with two thankless roles , playing julia the doting wife * and * mother , but still performs admirably . 
i also liked some of the supporting cast members . 
i liked many of the creative touches : the split screens , allowing us to see how the universe is being affected in both realities , and the greater framework of baseball to drive the action forward . 
there are enough surprises and plot twists in " frequency " to keep you on your toes , and as a result the movie avoids growing stagnant . 
toby emmerich structure " frequency " as good hollywood entertainment , establishing decent , likable characters , 
some may find this scene blindingly confusing , as the reality shifts start coming fast and furious , but it does make sense if you think about it ( and give the script a lot of leeway ) , and let 's face it : it 's a darn cool way to end the film . 
the film manages to be engaging despite the logical confusion . 
; it 's a rock - solid job from both actors . 
carry off their parts easily 
the other major thing to appreciate 
there are enough surprises and plot twists in " frequency " to keep you on your toes , and as a result the movie avoids growing stagnant . 
i freely acknowledge that " frequency " may best work as a " guy " movie , since it focuses on the very male - oriented idea of father - son relationships ( echoes of " field of dreams " can be easily heard ) , but the underlying concept is universally applicable . who would n't want to speak with a long - dead parent ? or see how their children turn out ? " tell me about your life , son " -- excuse me while i mist up . 
andre braugher , late of the television show " homicide : life on the street , " gives a nice supporting turn as frank 's best friend and future colleague of john . 
when " frequency " gets cooking , it 's a riveting little thriller , even if it is confusing . 
braugher strikes the perfect facial expression here , simultaneously dismayed and amused . 
toby emmerich structure " frequency " as good hollywood entertainment , establishing decent , likable characters , 
there are enough surprises and plot twists in " frequency " to keep you on your toes , and as a result the movie avoids growing stagnant . 
blade is the movie that shows that wesley snipes really can live up to his potential as one of hollywood 's premier leading men . 
it is a very stylish movie and for the most part that style works very well . 
the story is a relatively forgettable one , but it is fun none the less . 
what blade excels 
the ideas behind blade are good , as is the basic plot of the story . 
it is a very stylish movie and for the most part that style works very well . 
blade is a fun movie with an interesting take on the vampire genre . 
very cool . 
the combat sequences between blade and his vampire targets are incredibly well done . 
the movie is played for fun and nobody seems to think otherwise . 
ed harris brings an extreme intensity to christoff , the megalomaniac creator of the show . 
he 's perfect in this movie , enjoying the best role in his career . 
the supporting cast is excellent , and the town of seahaven looks delightfully perfect , so perfect it 's creepy . 
the screenwriter , andrew niccol , who bought us gattaca ( 1997 ) delivers an entertaining script , and manages to keep the plot in trim . 
the screenwriter , andrew niccol , who bought us gattaca ( 1997 ) delivers an entertaining script , and manages to keep the plot in trim . 
the film is far more upbeat 
luckily , the film remains sensible enough to appeal to all ages , yet never seems to be a dumb carrey movie . 
certainly different from the usual crap hollywood produces , it should be viewed by everyone . 
his character is a re - inforced stanley ipkiss from the mask ( 1994 ) and is completely suited to carrey 's persona . 
there 's some funny gags involving product placement and the people who watch the show . 
it offers something to every member of the audience , and you would almost certainly not come out disappointed 
although it is slightly slow to begin with , about half an hour into film the pace really picks up , and when christoff is introduced fully the film is on a roll . 
the philip glass soundtrack is also superb , and is used to great effect during the film . 
the supporting cast is excellent , and the town of seahaven looks delightfully perfect , so perfect it 's creepy . 
it offers something to every member of the audience , and you would almost certainly not come out disappointed 
certainly different from the usual crap hollywood produces , it should be viewed by everyone . 
he 's perfect in this movie , enjoying the best role in his career . 
the philip glass soundtrack is also superb , and is used to great effect during the film . 
overall , the truman show is excellent entertainment . 
anchoring the whole film is the astonishing debut performance of owens ; love francie or hate him , you can not take your eyes off of owens . 
however , the butcher boy 's power is undeniable , and the film as a whole is unforgettable -- perhaps because it is so disturbing . 
score one for the old guard . 
meanwhile , when the detectives are n't reloading their guns or running from fireballs , they 're engaged in sophomoric banter and silly conversations that provide a nice diversion from the hail of bullets . 
to counter that , we are treated to several amazingly choreographed fight sequences with jet li . 
gibson and glover are always in sync and the film moves at a brisk pace to get to the final and terrific mano a mano . 
it 's a summer action recipe followed to the letter , and the result is nothing less than pure , unadulterated summer fun . 
russo screams during her delivery , the crime lord has a few funny bits when he 's being interrogated while being given laughing gas , and pesci and rock are very funny as they go at it discussing the drawbacks of having cellular phones . 
gibson and glover are always in sync and the film moves at a brisk pace to get to the final and terrific mano a mano . 
gibson and glover are always in sync and the film moves at a brisk pace to get to the final and terrific mano a mano . 
he molds characters which are true to life and also fun to watch into a plot that is straightforward and robust 
the cast is well chosen , although the true bright spots are the supporting roles 
the cast is well chosen , although the true bright spots are the supporting roles 
chris cooper ( the horse whisperer ) , as homer 's father , is less likeable -- even downright despicable at times -- but his turn here gives gravity to the movie . 
october sky is a skillfully crafted film , and most of that credit must go to director joe johnston . 
it highlights the essence of youth , however , and for its exceptional job at this it can be forgiven other missteps . 
laura dern ( jurassic park ) lends a strong performance in the role of the history teacher , giving the boys the support and guidance they need . 
it 's a welcome change to the dramatic genre , and one that everyone should see . 
his finesse brings out elements which might otherwise be lost -- such as the relationships between homer and various mine workers , or the silent struggle between homer 's mother and father . 
he molds characters which are true to life and also fun to watch into a plot that is straightforward and robust 
should be a success with audiences . 
johnston -- whose career in the film industry includes everything from directing well - known titles like jumanji and the rocketeer down to an uncredited role as a death star trooper in star wars -- certainly knows what he 's doing here . 
it 's a welcome change to the dramatic genre , and one that everyone should see . 
he molds characters which are true to life and also fun to watch into a plot that is straightforward and robust 
it certainly holds an undeniable quality that older crowds will lean towards . 
he does not push any barriers , but instead adopts a conservative style of filmmaking which enhances the film 's charm . 
the music is all as good as ever , tons of great musicians showing up -- with the exception of johnny lang , who ca n't sing , 
i 'm quite pleased that there were less car pile - ups , because they meant less music , and john landis seems to have lost interest in the whole thing . 
a big surprise to me . 
the music is all as good as ever , tons of great musicians showing up -- with the exception of johnny lang , who ca n't sing , 
not with john goodman , he did n't do much of anything , but with the brilliant actor joe morton , who can really sing . 
this was another of my fears for the film , but he 's a really good dancer , and plays a mean harmonica 
not with john goodman , he did n't do much of anything , but with the brilliant actor joe morton , who can really sing . 
they replaced him just fine . 
all the musicians do a great job . 
this was another of my fears for the film , but he 's a really good dancer , and plays a mean harmonica 
? the charisma of the two leads ? 
the scenes between the characters are endearing , truthful , with just a hint of fantasy . 
whatever hunt did , she brought out the naturalism in all of the actors . 
was it the glamorous , sophisticated feel 
" return to me " has done an excellent job of assembling together a group of actors who blend in effortlessly as a family : the audience has no trouble at all believing that this rambunctious family actually does exist . 
the bottom line : " return to me " is nothing remarkable , and yet its sweetness , sincerity , and charm might touch your heart in ways that you had n't imagined . 
it was traditional , magical . 
minnie driver is engaging as always 
" duchovny , who is excellent at understatement and self - deprecation as an actor showcases his considerable comedic talent on screen . 
from the very first bird 's eye view of chicago , zooming in slowly toward the insignificant bob rueland ( david duchovny ) , accompanied by the " return to me " ballad ( by whom ? ) , we can tell we 're in for something sweet . 
" return to me " has done an excellent job of assembling together a group of actors who blend in effortlessly as a family : the audience has no trouble at all believing that this rambunctious family actually does exist . 
it was a romance told with such endearing simplicity , tenderness , and love ( from director bonnie hunt ) that it could n't help but sparkle with charm despite its shortcomings . 
the scenes between the characters are endearing , truthful , with just a hint of fantasy . 
" duchovny , who is excellent at understatement and self - deprecation as an actor showcases his considerable comedic talent on screen . 
adding the slightest bit of charm to a seemingly repulsive character and making her fun to watch . 
campbell is very successful with this character , 
he is n't the obvious best of actors , but dillon does give a convincing performance . 
adding the slightest bit of charm to a seemingly repulsive character and making her fun to watch . 
this is truly a very good film worth seeing if your looking for a movie with a thick plot filled with it 's share of twists . 
in the supporting cast , theresa russell plays the much oversexed sandra van ryan , daphne rubin - vega gives an unappealing performance as cop gloria perez , and bill murray shines as sam 's lawyer , ken bowden . hats off to murray for adding the perfect touch of comedy to the film . 
his direction is excellent and makes this film come to life in ways no " alien " film has before . 
the ending to alien 3 is quite good . 
the rest of the cast is also quite good . 
go see the film . 
alien 3 is a worthy successor to aliens and alien . 
provides another excellent performance of this character . 
her scene during the autopsy of newt is enough to garnish her another academy nomination . 
there were times i thought that hollywood would come in and screw it up , but it played very nicely . 
this is a great score . 
the picture is also bolstered by beautiful cinematography 
this ability will serve him well and give him a long , successful career . 
woody harrelson continues to prove that he is one of the finest , most versatile actors of his generation . 
brilliantly intersplices scenes with actual news footage to give the film the feel of a documentary and keeps the viewer aware that many of these horrors are being carried out thousands of miles away as you sit safely in your living room . 
the movie was beautifully and sensitively made . 
it is a wonderful opportunity for dillane after he had to suffer through the denis leary - sandra bullock disaster two if by sea . 
excellent supporting roles such as this one . 
there is no revelation in un coeur en hiver in the traditional ; however , the film is incredibly successful in its passionate dramatization of a passion - denying protagonist , stephane ( daniel auteuil ) . 
the actors and actresses are excellent , each playing their part with great sincerity and warmth . 
the actors and actresses are excellent , each playing their part with great sincerity and warmth . 
the directing in this movie is wonderful . 
the synergism of the tension of ravel 's music and tension on the screen is the best i have ever seen . 
the development of all of the characters , many of which is not included in this synopsis , is incredible . 
however , i , bringing my american preconceptions , enjoyed the film . 
, well paced , and casts the uneasy feeling that something will horribly go wrong . 
with two charismatic characters such as these , it 's hard to ignore that ` where the money is ' is where the fun is . 
he 's still really hot stuff . 
the heist sequence is suspenseful 
, adroitly showing that at age 75 , 
the opening 30 minutes are filled with hilarious attempts of carol trying to bring henry ? back to life . ' 
fiorentino is also a fun presence . 
he possesses a sly smile , displays a dominating attitude , and a projects a demeanor that is undeniably attractive 
you root for her despite her sense of amorality . 
newman is the real joy of the film 
with two charismatic characters such as these , it 's hard to ignore that ` where the money is ' is where the fun is . 
the supporting cast is enjoyable , if a little underdrawn . 
with a cast like that , it 's almost worth watching twilight just to stargaze . 
with a solid cast , and a good plot 
robert benton has assembled a stellar , mature cast for his latest feature , twilight , a film noir mystery set amid the fading stars of hollywood . 
still , the chance to see newman , sarandon and hackman working together is worth a cramp or two . 
with a solid cast , and a good plot 
, there 's a lot to recommend about twilight . 
luckily , there 's more to the film than some sort of actor 's recognition ceremony . 
twilight has a solid film noir - ish plot . 
the cast of characters is broad and has texture , the script is quite good , and the film lets you keep up with what 's happening yourself , without spelling it out to you . 
just like the old days . . . frankly , this is a pretty good movie , if you can accept the premise and can take the macho stuff . 
the cast of characters is broad and has texture , the script is quite good , and the film lets you keep up with what 's happening yourself , without spelling it out to you . 
the cinematography is excellent , 
i appreciate a film that makes me have to think to keep up . 
so overflowing with potent imagery , symbolism , ideas and metaphors , complex and literate storytelling , all possessed of an intelligence that invites -- even demands -- constant scrutiny , an acuity of perception and observation 
with so many characters enjoying so little screen time , the film 's 160 minutes can be taxing . yet there is something so captivating about the sensibility behind the camera that i could n't help but 
there is enough latent meaning to supply college film students with paper topics for years . 
all possessed of an intelligence that invites -- even demands -- constant scrutiny , an acuity of perception and observation 
feel that greatness was in the air . 
this is a great atmospheric film due to the realistic noir mood it sets , of the hopeless situation the low - level criminals are in , and how they are forced to live with fear and the uncertainty of what horrible thing will happen next . 
mitchum gives this film all the intensity and purpose it needs , as it overcomes a thin plot . 
the cast is great . 
why did i enjoy it so much ? for one thing , 
another nice touch is the music . 
anyway , " footloose " is a charming little surprise . 
and i hate to admit it ; i fell for it . 
during the final sequence , i was overcome with the urge to get off the couch and start dancing 
do n't let the premise prevent you from watching it . 
the rest of the cast is equally impressive . 
it sucked me in , and it 'll do the same to you . 
the title track , performed by kenny loggins , is upbeat and fun . 
do n't miss it . 
this is destined to be one of those films that everybody likes , including those who hate martial arts movies . 
the paradox of oriental restraint existing side by side with all consuming passion in the same breast is projected effectively . 
i thought to myself that i had had just seen a great film 
michelle yeoh imbues her character with depth , humanity and wisdom . 
fat projects dignity and purity of heart . 
zhang ziyi is a budding superstar . 
cheng pei pei as the evil master and chang cheng as the bandit prince acquit themselves admirably . kudos to screenwriters james schamus , wang hui ling and tsai kuo jing , choreographer yuen wo - ping , photography director peter pau and music director tan dun , each of which contribute quality components to this extraordinary film 
for those who are put off by the " art " label this film can be confidently recommended as engrossing entertainment at the levels of adventure , action and romance . 
crouching tiger , hidden dragon immerses the viewer in an idealized world of oriental folklore , with the requisite blend of legend , fantasy , magic and mythology . 
she is radiantly beautiful and totally persuasive in a multifaceted role . 
the fight scenes are stunning balletic tours - de - force , not to be taken literally but clearly to be enjoyed as superb cinematic art , as are the prodigious leaps and flights to , from and between rooftops , the martial combat at the top of swaying bamboo branches and the combatants skipping like pebbles along the surface of a lake . 
cheng pei pei as the evil master and chang cheng as the bandit prince acquit themselves admirably . kudos to screenwriters james schamus , wang hui ling and tsai kuo jing , choreographer yuen wo - ping , photography director peter pau and music director tan dun , each of which contribute quality components to this extraordinary film 
cheng pei pei as the evil master and chang cheng as the bandit prince acquit themselves admirably . kudos to screenwriters james schamus , wang hui ling and tsai kuo jing , choreographer yuen wo - ping , photography director peter pau and music director tan dun , each of which contribute quality components to this extraordinary film 
there are no weak performances in this movie . 
the fight scenes are stunning balletic tours - de - force , not to be taken literally but clearly to be enjoyed as superb cinematic art , as are the prodigious leaps and flights to , from and between rooftops , the martial combat at the top of swaying bamboo branches and the combatants skipping like pebbles along the surface of a lake . 
" crazy / beautiful " is quality fare , good enough that i half - expected the summer movie crap police to walk into the press screening and confiscate the print for " failure to incorporate explosions and poop jokes . 
as carlos , hernandez is a revelation . hunky without looking like the product of a hollywood design team , the young man can really act ; we will see a lot of this guy in the future . aside from its title , the biggest problem with " crazy / beautiful " is its ending , which wraps everything up too fast and too tidy . 
we were trying to make a cautionary tale , " he told newsweek , " and we could n't show the behavior we were trying to caution people away from . " regardless , the film works , thanks to exceptional performances from its lead players and a script determined to transcend stereotypes . 
as carlos , hernandez is a revelation . hunky without looking like the product of a hollywood design team , the young man can really act ; we will see a lot of this guy in the future . aside from its title , the biggest problem with " crazy / beautiful " is its ending , which wraps everything up too fast and too tidy . 
we were trying to make a cautionary tale , " he told newsweek , " and we could n't show the behavior we were trying to caution people away from . " regardless , the film works , thanks to exceptional performances from its lead players and a script determined to transcend stereotypes . 
as carlos , hernandez is a revelation . hunky without looking like the product of a hollywood design team , the young man can really act ; we will see a lot of this guy in the future . aside from its title , the biggest problem with " crazy / beautiful " is its ending , which wraps everything up too fast and too tidy . 
still , this is the kind of film that deserves accolades from critics instead of cheap shots . 
we were trying to make a cautionary tale , " he told newsweek , " and we could n't show the behavior we were trying to caution people away from . " regardless , the film works , thanks to exceptional performances from its lead players and a script determined to transcend stereotypes . 
" is the real deal . 
as carlos , hernandez is a revelation . hunky without looking like the product of a hollywood design team , the young man can really act ; we will see a lot of this guy in the future . aside from its title , the biggest problem with " crazy / beautiful " is its ending , which wraps everything up too fast and too tidy . 
after carefully presenting credible characters and situations , the conclusion feels rushed and lazy . 
she is credible enough that when dad urges carlos to get away from her before she drags him down , i hoped the boy would listen . 
in the process , he not only creates a truly likable and memorable character in giles , but says a few things about the transforming power of love , even if it is unrequited . 
meanwhile , solid support is provided by the appealing fiona loewi and the always - reliable maury chaykin . 
it has a vibrant , beating heart ? and that makes the comedy all the more worthwhile . 
love and death on long island is a comedy , and a very funny one at that . 
in fact , for its first half , the film is nearly - perfect . 
it never takes cheap shots . 
jason priestley , cashing in on his beverly hills 90210 image , is surprisingly effective as the shallow ronnie . 
he is charismatic , and it 's not hard to understand why giles is attracted to ronnie . 
in his gently satirical approach to popular culture and movie stardom , writer / director richard kwietniowski , adapting from the novel by gilbert adair , is 100 % on- target . 
meanwhile , solid support is provided by the appealing fiona loewi and the always - reliable maury chaykin . 
it has a vibrant , beating heart ? and that makes the comedy all the more worthwhile . 
as grady 's agent livens up his scenes . 
we 've got a winner . 
the actors are all first - rate . 
there 's a lot to like about this movie . 
maguire 's disengaged alienation works perfectly here . 
douglas triumphs , playing against type as he spends most of his time disheveled , unshaven and clad in a pink women 's house robe . 
frances mcdormand does a good job of her limited role of sara , grady 's married lover 
pitt , an actor i normally loathe , is actually quite engaging as death . 
had the film been cut by an hour or so , i have no doubt that i would be calling it one of the best movies of the year in this review . 
he 's able to portray the angst of a man who knows he has very little time left , without making him an obnoxious whiner . 
a good movie hampered by it 's ridiculous running time . 
hopkins gives his usual excellent performance . 
and in her first major studio role , claire forlani is surprisingly good . 
fallen 's plot is brimming with potential , not all of which is realized . 
of the several dozen actors to play azazel , the best is by far elias koteas ( exotica , crash ) , who , despite only being on screen for about ten minutes , gives a fantastically charged performance . 
this is not a great motion picture , but , considering how bad most january releases are , it 's a reasonably entertaining way to spend two hours . 
it 's not often that a plot development takes me by surprise the way this one did . 
however , despite the negatives , i 'm still recommending fallen on the strength of its complex plot and especially its ending , which i loved . 
however , at least washington was believable , which is more than can be said for embeth davidtz ( schindler 's list ) and donald sutherland . 
nevertheless , there are several creepily effective scenes as the spirit of azazel moves from body to body when people bump against each other on crowded city sidewalks . 
the biggest failing of fallen is that , although it 's consistently interesting 
however , despite the negatives , i 'm still recommending fallen on the strength of its complex plot and especially its ending , which i loved . 
james l . brooks , one of the developers of the simpsons and director of broadcast news , returns to the big screen with this entertaining , if slightly flawed comedy . 
there 's also a nice soundtrack by veteran composer hans zimmer . 
overall , as good as it gets is a fun movie , even though it may be unbelivable , and certainly worth seeing 
overall , as good as it gets is a fun movie , even though it may be unbelivable , and certainly worth seeing 
although his performance is good , his character just seems to exist to help melvin and carol come together . 
but , generally , as good as it gets achieves what it sets out to do , which is to make the audience feel good by the end of the movie . 
like good will hunting ( 1997 ) and titanic ( 1997 ) , even though the outcome is completely obvious , as good as it gets is an enjoyable , funny and warm comedy . 
( if just for jack nicholsons performance . ) not quite as good as it gets ( pardon the bad joke ) , but still good fun . 
smith is also good , although she has a fairly small role . 
nicholson is hilarious as melvin , churning out insults with superb relish . 
there 's also ( thankfully ) a bit of chemistry between them . 
generally he 's good . 
nicholson is hilarious as melvin , churning out insults with superb relish . 
nick nolte is delightful as the uninhibited lucky , and he manages to deliver some of rudolph 's most pregnant lines with practiced ease . the clear standout , however , is julie christie , who is nothing short of delicious 
lara flynn boyle , who was n't impressive in rudolph 's equinox , is greatly improved , making marianne a jumble of sexiness and vulnerability . 
, director alan rudolph has returned to his unique brand of film making with afterglow , a romantic black comedy about love , betrayal , and self - absorption . 
while these may not be the most unusual themes to fashion into a motion picture , rudolph 's atypical approach to the characters and their situations makes for an intriguing , if not always pleasant , movie . 
nick nolte is delightful as the uninhibited lucky , and he manages to deliver some of rudolph 's most pregnant lines with practiced ease . the clear standout , however , is julie christie , who is nothing short of delicious 
the story is absorbing , and the acting is top - notch . in short , rudolph has created a world that it 's worth spending two hours in . 
nick nolte is delightful as the uninhibited lucky , and he manages to deliver some of rudolph 's most pregnant lines with practiced ease . the clear standout , however , is julie christie , who is nothing short of delicious 
jonny lee miller is perfect as the selfish , callous , suit - and - tie businessman . 
the story is absorbing , and the acting is top - notch . in short , rudolph has created a world that it 's worth spending two hours in . 
nick nolte is delightful as the uninhibited lucky , and he manages to deliver some of rudolph 's most pregnant lines with practiced ease . the clear standout , however , is julie christie , who is nothing short of delicious 
it 's not the plot is that makes " the fugitive " great , it 's all the motions the characters go through to make for an intriguing story . 
one of the greatest action scenes ensues as we get a botched escape attempt by his fellow inmates which leads to a fantastic train wreck . 
there is a great sense of comradeship between gerard and his two closest deputies cosmo renfo ( pantoliano ) and biggs ( roebuck ) . 
it works perfectly . 
just watching richard use his keen intelligence and wits , disguising himself , and doing his own detective work is very interesting . 
this is n't an over - the - top action flick for the sake of action , this is an intelligent adventure story with a real sense of mystery to it and 
it takes realistic , believable characters and tells an exciting story 
the final act concludes with another terrific chase . 
this movie is so incredible because it 's able to take elements like these and make them wholly original and believable . 
if only hollywood could produce more movies like this . 
one of the greatest charms to the film is its sense of humor . 
the fugitive " is probably one of the greatest thrillers ever made . 
this movie is so incredible because it 's able to take elements like these and make them wholly original and believable . 
the characters are extremely likable , the movie is ridiculously funny , and 
i think the guy is flat - out hilarious . 
he can say something that just is n't funny , and his delivery makes me laugh 
not only is she pleasant to look at , but her acting job here really is a good one -- and it does n't hurt that the character is likable and adequately well - written . 
there are parts that left me gasping for air because i was laughing so hard 
barrymore is simply adorable here 
i just want everyone to know that i laughed . a lot . 
naturally , the true star here is sandler . 
2 ) drew barrymore is great . 
3 ) the movie is so funny . 
his comedic performance here equals that of happy gilmore , but in this film he goes much further and proves to me that he can , indeed , hold his own as a leading man in a romantic comedy . 
my reasons for this are simple : 1 ) adam sandler is great . 
the characters are extremely likable , the movie is ridiculously funny , and 
what makes the story bearable , aside from the terrific costumes and 80s music , are the performances . 
the movie is just so funny . 
have some range in his talents . 
the experience is simply enjoyable . 
they pack a ton of detail into the images , especially during scenes involving mummies rendered completely by cgi . 
the visuals and cgi are astounding , and obviously not cheaply done at all . 
but at least it 's a break from the naive heroes 
the visuals and cgi are astounding , and obviously not cheaply done at all . 
on the whole , the movie is pure popcorn fare from beginning to end , entertaining the audience . 
problem is that the mummy wants to revive his mistress , using evelyn as a sacrifice . . . walking in with relatively low expectations , i thought this movie was actually pretty good . 
the computer special effects makes for some brilliant scenes , such as unnerving moments involving flesh - eating scarab beetles and moments where the mummy goes after the people who freed him ( after all , those who took his artifacts are cursed ) . 
see the uncut widescreen version if you can and drink in some of the wonderful cinematography by luciano tovoli . 
it 's an absolutely masterful sequence , tense and exciting , and communicating a wealth of information through visuals alone . 
many of the action and murder sequences are directed with his characteristic finesse and feature plenty of intriguing camerawork . 
he brings grace , charm and a deceptive benigness to his character which provides an interesting foil to both the violence of the books he writes and the unfolding real - life horror around him . 
they are all the more impressive for the fact that in this film argento creates mood by filling his scenes with light , rather than the dark shadows and deep rich colours of earlier works like deep red and suspiria . 
and the soundtrack 's mix of electronic atmospheres and gothic rock by frequent argento collaborators goblin is the perfect accompaniment . 
it 's an absolutely masterful sequence , tense and exciting , and communicating a wealth of information through visuals alone . 
it 's a stylish , great - looking and quirky film despite the problem narrative . 
this is a terrifically presented piece of psychological drama , and nolte turns in a strong performance as a man whose pain seems to become a detriment as well as a necessity . 
coburn displays heft 
very effective . 
but it 's certainly worth noting that this is a well - acted drama showcasing nolte 's and coburn 's raw acting talents . 
this is a terrifically presented piece of psychological drama , and nolte turns in a strong performance as a man whose pain seems to become a detriment as well as a necessity . 
the more repetitive and unrealistic the movie gets , the more amusing it becomes . 
no matter how sick it may sound , it is funny to watch 
explaining why this movie stands out from others with similar plots ( including the original evil dead ) is extremely difficult . 
the sheer uniqueness of the day to day bug life is very imaginative . together with the great voice acting , this film is the perfect holiday family film . 
a bug 's life has animation that is simply stunning . 
the sheer uniqueness of the day to day bug life is very imaginative . together with the great voice acting , this film is the perfect holiday family film . 
the sheer uniqueness of the day to day bug life is very imaginative . together with the great voice acting , this film is the perfect holiday family film . 
it is just as funny . 
flik , cutely voiced by newsradio 's david foley , hates sticking too tradition and attempts too find new ways of harvesting food and other task . 
while fincher 's films have never suffered from a lack of shock value ( his major character killings in both alien 3 and seven are fine examples ) , fight club marks the distillation of his pitch - black comedic sensibility ( see 1997 's the game ) into something like a definitive statement . 
in this context , the joke works , but like the latest columbine joke , some people will get it and enjoy a good laugh , and others wo n't . 
this movie 's got some pretty intensive shoot - out scenes , one of the coolest robbery scenarios that i 've ever witnessed , featuring several elvises with guns a blazin ' and the king 's music playing in the background , and a decent helping of double - crosses , sharp dialogue and funny moments 
a guy 's guy movie through and through , and one that 'll set your jollies to high if you dig on the rough stuff . 
the elvis songs also recommend this movie ! 
this movie 's got some pretty intensive shoot - out scenes , one of the coolest robbery scenarios that i 've ever witnessed , featuring several elvises with guns a blazin ' and the king 's music playing in the background , and a decent helping of double - crosses , sharp dialogue and funny moments 
there is also this one really great show - down scene between costner and a cop , that 'll have you crackin ' up and lovin' it all at the same time . 
, it goes on for a little too long , but costner and russell make it happen , as two shite - kickin ' elvis lovers , who do n't stop till they , more or less , drop . 
and no suspicious minds either , folks , cause i got stung by this movie , i mean it really shook me up , and unless you 're the devil in disguise himself , i think you wo n't be able to help falling in love with this lucky charm either 
the funnest movie that i 've seen so far this year ! it 's got style 
so whether you 're lonesome tonight or any other night , remember to pack the teddy bear with bullets , leave your little sister at home , bring your bossa nova baby and rock out of that jailhouse , cause this movie ai n't one to return to the sender . 
the movie demonstrates just how far a good script and actors can take a mundane idea . 
instead it turns out to be a hilarious film running in high gear from beginning to end . 
a grand cast ( tomlin , alda , moore , ben stiller , patricia arquette , tea leoni , george segal ) interacts in a seamless parade of laughs . 
drawing from a more hyper woody allen style , the film succeeds beyond expectations . 
a grand cast ( tomlin , alda , moore , ben stiller , patricia arquette , tea leoni , george segal ) interacts in a seamless parade of laughs . 
as i said , " wag the dog " is not quite as laugh - out - loud hilarious as i had expected , but there are some genuinely funny moments to be found here , such as when , in an echo of a familiar movie clich ? , the camera pans out over an urban sunset to the strains of uplifting , inspirational music , then cuts to a studio to reveal that the singing is coming from a group of musicians whom motss has assembled to perform " we have the right to fight for democracy . 
with this premise and the talented cast , the film still delivers more consistently than most , whatever its flaws . 
the most consistently effective gag revolves around the propaganda team 's attempt to forge a fictional war hero out of sgt . 
wag the dog takes the issue one step further and asks , what if the war was n't even real ? 
that said , " wag the dog " is actually a very clever satire on the shady manipulations of political figures and those who assist them . 
but by focusing on hungarian jews during the last days of the war , moll told a specific part of the story in a new way , in greater detail . 
both powerful . 
instead , they are solid , moving segments that were probably cut from the film only for length . 
and i 'm glad he did because his careful filmmaking stands up well 
but the last days handles all these potential obstacles very well 
after having said that , i will also say that this movie does all of the above very well . 
whoopi golberg also puts in an understated performance , playing a lesbian cop , with a name that makes one want to reach for a lollipop . 
if you 've never seen " indiana jones , " the chase sequence is still fun . 
" so to hell with webster 's -- " chicken run " is one of the funnest movies i 've seen in a while . 
thing is , the film does n't feel like it 's been lifted from somewhere else ; " chicken run " feels fresh , alive , like nothing else ever done 
the animation is first - rate . remember that this was all done the old - fashioned way , with actual humans moving clay figurines around on a tiny set bit by painstaking bit , and you see just how truly remarkable 
certainly a passive viewer can enjoy it as a straightforward story with a worthwhile moral and some surprisingly touching scenes , but a active , attentive viewers will enjoy it even more because they 'll catch all the details . 
a boatload of fun 
the voice cast turns in uniformly lively performances , and the characters they play are given so many subtle nuances that it 's hard not to fall in love with every one of them . 
the film manages to cross all barriers 
this movie possesses that same quality that makes pixar studios ' animation great : precise and unwavering attention to detail . 
as in such top - notch family fare as " a bug 's life " or " toy story 2 , " " chicken run " has something to offer in nearly every frame . 
the animation is first - rate . remember that this was all done the old - fashioned way , with actual humans moving clay figurines around on a tiny set bit by painstaking bit , and you see just how truly remarkable 
it 's funny to us . 
even if you have no idea who mel gibson is , rocky remains an interesting character . 
" it comes as a delightful surprise . 
the " braveheart " reference is a hoot if you catch it . 
when you consider just how fine a line resides between a funny parody and a redundant one , " chicken run " is downright brilliant in its execution . consider this : since july of last year , i 've seen dozens upon dozens of " blair witch project " parodies , on television , on the radio , and online . 
certainly a passive viewer can enjoy it as a straightforward story with a worthwhile moral and some surprisingly touching scenes , but a active , attentive viewers will enjoy it even more because they 'll catch all the details . 
. funnest damn movie i 've seen all year . 
i had a good time . , 
the film they have made is a long way from great cinema , but it still is fun . if you get a thrill from seeing what look very much like live dinosaurs alive today , the film is for you . 
the film they have made is a long way from great cinema , but it still is fun . if you get a thrill from seeing what look very much like live dinosaurs alive today , the film is for you . 
i feel i got my money 's worth 
the approach director stephen frears takes by having the charismatic rob speak directly to the camera is very effective . 
director stephen frears , possibly not intentionally , has created a movie that makes you feel good about yourself and even that ostensibly no good uncle who watches television twenty four hours a day . 
john cusack plays his character convincingly 
but it is the strong supporting cast , consisting of big stars and character actors , that really defines rob . 
high fidelity is a cheerful , old fashioned comedy with a voluminous soundtrack and as many laughs . 
it remains consistently funny . 
what frears does so well is that he makes us feel sorry for rob while laughing at his misfortunes . 
jack black steals the show with a hilariously realistic performance 
i especially enjoyed bonham carter 's performance , who i believed to be the most developed character in the entire film ( human or ape ) and tim roth 's bad guy , who chewed up scenery and oozed evil in every scene in which he took part . 
i mean , i was completely convinced that every single one of these apes was for real ! 
the movie was also nice to look at ( especially the apes ! ) , but i definitely expected greater coolness from tim burton . 
so overall , i loved the whole " feel " of the planet , the apes that ruled it , the manner in which they treated the humans , screamed , shouted and reverted the entire evolution chain , but did n't appreciate the film 's lack of human character development ( why was kris kristofferson even in this movie ? ) and the fact that its lead male and female humans were just plain boring . 
critique : despite this film not looking like a " tim burton movie " or its lead human character showing any signs of being a human being himself , i did find myself generally entertained 
but i would still recommend this film as a fun , summer movie with laughs , creepiness and a really cool premise 
although the thing that sets this movie apart from all others is definitely its incredible ape make - up jobs and characterizations . 
i liked the beginning of the film , the whole build - up once wahlberg got into the village , 
" give it up " to all of the actors inside the costumes , not only for waking up at three in the morning every day to get make - up slobbered all over them for 2 - 4 hours , but for coming through their costumed exteriors and selling us their characters on the screen as well . 
but i would still recommend this film as a fun , summer movie with laughs , creepiness and a really cool premise 
throughout most of this film and do recommend it as fun , summer fare . 
i was pleasantly surprised that to find that this movie was n't bad at all . 
i urge you to watch it and decide for yourself . 
i was pleasantly surprised that to find that this movie was n't bad at all . 
it 's not brain food , but it succeeds at what it 's meant to be . . . 
dante 's peak is cliched , and at times corny , but also pretty decent . to be honest , i was n't very interested in seeing this film , and word of mouth , as well as several reviews , did n't make it sound promising . 
an enjoyable , suspenseful movie about the fury mother nature can unleash ! 
since heathers . full of wonderful swipes at the fifteen minutes of fame mentality that feeds so much of modern american pop culture . 
in brief : best bleak comedy film 
she shows a wonderful flair for comedy in this picture . 
the other standout performance in the film is delivered by joaquin phoenix . 
real murderers rarely have dialogue as witty as what buck henry has written for this movie and smart , while pretty and alluring , is no match for the cinematic charms of nicole kidman . 
the screenplay , by buck henry , is absolutely great and includes some of the best bleakly comic lines i 've heard since heathers . 
this is very close to pop culture bashing heaven , folks . 
direction is first - rate . 
go see it . 
kidman triumphs in the trashy role of suzanne . 
van sant rightly keeps the focus of this movie on the amoral suzanne and does n't stop to proselytize the audience about the rightness or wrongness of her actions . 
she is ably abetted by wonderfully demented comic dialogue , which kidman delivers in a unselfconsciously funny way . 
all - in - all , a wonderful production , well worth your seven bucks ! to die for : a columbia pictures release directed by gus van sant . 
go see it ! 
ably manages to avoid diluting his story by aiming at too many targets and the result is a crisp and funny mini - classic . 
lively and funny though it may be on a consistent basis , forces of nature leaves a bitter taste that feels like self - justification . 
forces of nature may restore your faith in romantic comedy as something with the power to enchant , something that can make you happy to be proved wrong when you expect a tale for and about adolescents . 
forces of nature may restore your faith in romantic comedy as something with the power to enchant , something that can make you happy to be proved wrong when you expect a tale for and about adolescents . 
a script this smart and mature deserved a more restrained director , but even hughes ' excesses ca n't spoil this unique concoction . 
ben is an ideal role for affleck 's easy - going charm , and he plays the straight - laced straight man without forced exasperation . 
a script this smart and mature deserved a more restrained director , but even hughes ' excesses ca n't spoil this unique concoction . 
the two performances -- part of a great top - to - bottom cast -- are effective and connected from the start , yet the script 's apparent sympathy with the marital horror stories ben hears makes it difficult to enjoy the romance completely . 
forces of nature gets off to a solid enough start , setting up the characters and the situations with plenty of witty dialogue 
the two performances -- part of a great top - to - bottom cast -- are effective and connected from the start , yet the script 's apparent sympathy with the marital horror stories ben hears makes it difficult to enjoy the romance completely . 
did something wonderful , something which made the entire film click into place 
still powerful today , even after the end of the cold war . 
nutshell : a relevant , intelligent , suspenseful drama . 
the plot is compelling , and the story creates urgency and dread by painting the grimmest of worst case scenarios . 
dramatically , the ending is quite powerful , and the use of o'herlihy 's character as the symbolic " matador " ( providing a bookend to the film by ending the story while tying into his dream sequence from the film 's opening ) , is particularly appropriate . 
dramatically , the ending is quite powerful , and the use of o'herlihy 's character as the symbolic " matador " ( providing a bookend to the film by ending the story while tying into his dream sequence from the film 's opening ) , is particularly appropriate . 
nevertheless , under lumet 's direction and walter bernstein 's intelligent adaptation of burdick 's and wheeler 's novel , the film continues to have a lasting effect even after the events on screen have unfolded . 
with lots of bright colors , and scenes which are cinematically entertaning , as well as enriching and deep , such as the balcony scene where she sings " do n't cry for me , argentina , " and her death sequence , which is poignant becuase of how sad it is . 
with lots of bright colors , and scenes which are cinematically entertaning , as well as enriching and deep , such as the balcony scene where she sings " do n't cry for me , argentina , " and her death sequence , which is poignant becuase of how sad it is . 
he does have a pretty good singing voice , and a great range . and jonathan pryce is pretty awesome , although very brief at times , in his role as juan , seeming to put on a poker face for his melancholy facade . 
from this point on , the film is hypnotic , satisfying , and satirical . 
the film plays like a rock opera , much like their " jesus christ superstar , " with many giant musical sequences just like the old musicals , even if they do possess very intelligent lyrics , which create not only an intellectually enlightening experience , but also a very entertaining one . after all , this is a musical , and webber 's musicals never undermine this . 
extremely comanding in his performance , presenting a lovable narrator . 
alan parker , no stranger to bizarre musicals ( he 's done " fame , " " the committments , " " bugsy malone , " and " pink floyd the wall " - the latter which is absolutely brilliant ) , nails the film , exposing everything for what it is . 
he does have a pretty good singing voice , and a great range . and jonathan pryce is pretty awesome , although very brief at times , in his role as juan , seeming to put on a poker face for his melancholy facade . 
in the musical , it 's a fun , energetic sequence , culiminating in the show stopper , " buenos aires , " which is also lifeless . 
for a while , it looks like alan parker ca n't pull it off . however , the film pulls itself together in a flash , and after that song is over , and the giddily nihilistic song " goodbye and thank you , " where we see eva go through a long line of lovers who help her ascend , is magnificent , darkly comical , and just gleeful . 
her death , though , is brilliant . 
and there is energy throughout , 
but it 's generally very good , although not up to the brilliance the role really requires . 
the stories are all well - told , but it 's difficult to really connect with the characters -- their moments pass so quickly . 
the performances are good enough , in fact , to cover up many of the script 's weaknesses . 
if there 's a disappointment here , it 's that the script does n't have more resonance , but the privilege of seeing such a fine cast in top form allows a viewer to enjoy this picture even if the story is somewhat conventional . 
from winona ryder , ann bancroft , ellen burstyn , and maya angelou to minor players like rip torn , claire danes , and kate capshaw , this film is overflowing with realized talent . 
on the whole , how to make an american quilt is a nicely - understated drama that has a lot to say about love , passion , and monogamy in relationships . 
one of the greatest pleasures of how to make an american quilt comes from watching an array of fine performances by an impressive ensemble cast . 
nicole kidman is an intelligent female action hero . 
many of you may have hated him as batman , but this guy is for real . 
dreamworks is off to a satisfying start with peacemaker . 
despite a few good images , including a train collision and a very impressive explosion , none of this was very coherent . 
he has a natural screen presence , and an ingratiating personality . 
he has a natural screen presence , and an ingratiating personality . 
then that leads us to the brilliant final showdown on new york city 's crowded streets , and a madman with a nuke walking among them . 
this is when leder starts to show her true stuff . 
mimi leder is a natural at creating suspense . 
she starts us off with a nifty little car chase as an appetizer . 
george clooney is a real movie star . 
he 'll be around for a while . 
it begins to take off . 
she reminds me of wolfgang petersen in her ability to make the most routine action sequences exciting and breathtaking . 
and i have to say , after a shaky beginning , she does not disappoint . 
burton 's musical collaborator , danny elfman , provides another fine score , though it is not as memorable as his work on batman or sleepy hollow . 
seriously , though , planet of the apes is one rip - roarin ' summer outing , filled with thrills , action , adventure , wit and bits of funny 
much of the success of planet of the apes goes to burton 's technical crew , especially production designer rick heinrichs and the legendary rick baker who created the ape makeup . 
tim burton 's retelling of planet of the apes is more fun than a barrel of monkeys . 
this is one feature in which the expectations lived up to the pre - release hype . 
otherwise , planet of the apes is what a summer movie should be : an amusement park ride filled with lots of action , stunts and a few laughs . 
it is a masterful turn . 
the performances throughout are top - notch . 
maybe it was the above - par performances by the movie 's two leads ( jared leto and " cybil " actress alicia witt ) . 
and this flick definitely deserves credit for being what not many other recent horror films have been . . . 
thankfully , legend rose above it 's soggy premise 
but i must give credit where credit is due . 
or , it could have been the on- target direction by jamie blanks . 
more likely , though , it was because of the inspired premise . 
it was , believe it or not , one of the funnest times i 've had at the movies all year . 
to become not only a hip , scary and stylish entertainment , but also what will probably become one of the best films of the year 
to become not only a hip , scary and stylish entertainment , but also what will probably become one of the best films of the year 
we have seen films with plotting very much like this , but the indian setting makes a great deal of difference . 
sabrina dhawan 's screenplay is vibrant with witty dialog . 
the photography is colorful and the music is very agreeable 
the supports are all strong as well , but the movie truly excels in its script . 
benigni 's performance is truly a well - rounded one , and certainly one of the more fluid turns all year . 
in all , fans of foreign film will see this as a memorable motion picture , and novice movie - watchers may take this opportunity to see their first " artsy " film . 
benigni 's performance is truly a well - rounded one , and certainly one of the more fluid turns all year . 
the supports are all strong as well , but the movie truly excels in its script . 
easily accessible to everyone , and above all is a fine thematic picture . 
easily accessible to everyone , and above all is a fine thematic picture . 
thematically in cinema , love for family has been used frequently and emphatically to highlight more abstract aspects of characters ; it is rare , however , for it to develop as outstandingly as it does in roberto benigni 's neo - classic drama , life is beautiful . 
it is a definate must - see 
anderson has created a modern classic with a star who should , with any luck , rise to even greater success . 
for anyone who wants to see that rarity , an american coming - of - age film that actually works well without an excessive amount of sentimentality . 
williams is n't given much to do except react to schwartzman and murray , but still does fine work . 
bill murray is his equal as blume , displaying a depth we have n't yet seen from him . 
he is still terrific here . 
the young actor , making his film debut as a 15 year old student at the exclusive rushmore academy is so perfect in the role that it comes as a shock that anderson auditioned some two thousand other prospective stars before discovering schwarztman . 
the film also posesses two fantastic performances from its two leads , and some good supporting work along with it . 
kate winslet , in a pre- " titanic " performance , is brilliant , 
nailing every psyche of her character , and creating someone who 's troubled but very seductive with her personality . 
what 's remarkable is how timeless this film is . 
will appreciate 
christopher eccleston ( slightly resembling richard edson with his new look and dumb expression ) plays jude wonderfully , sometimes bringing a big dumb smile to his face , and making him kind of child - like at other times . 
the film also posesses two fantastic performances from its two leads , and some good supporting work along with it . 
dennis quaid makes a fine hero . 
dina meyer is appealing as the sacrificed girl . 
if you are going because of the dragon , you will not be dissapointed , and you will be provided with plenty of laughs 
but lets face it , the movie is really about the dragon , and what an amazing creation he is . 
connery 's voice and ilm team up to provide us with a truly magnificent dragon 
if you are going because of the dragon , you will not be dissapointed , and you will be provided with plenty of laughs 
pete posthlewaite provides some ghreat comedy as a monk who journeys with them . 
while some have said that the anti - war message and pro - nature tubthumping was juvenile , it was done with so much complexity and thought , that it can not ever honestly be called childish . 
this film uses color and light in such a fantastic way , that it will be sad to see it degraded when it has to bee transferred to video . 
the battles in the thin red line are astonishing and display a mastery of filmmaking . the astounding cinematography in this film must also be given notice . 
the rest of the cast , especially nick nolte and elias koteas , are unambiguously fantastic . 
the battles in the thin red line are astonishing and display a mastery of filmmaking . the astounding cinematography in this film must also be given notice . 
the cast , for the most part , gives great performances . 
after seeing the thin red line , i was haunted by it and am quite ready to see it again . 
she fits nicely in her character and there is a good chemistry between her and hugh laurie who plays mr . 
finally a movie gets released that is as good as the trailer makes it to be , with a few surprising twists , 
though i read the book a long time ago and i really do not remember what it was about , i do know that this film does not disappoint . 
some very funny moments , and a few sentimental moments all mixed in to one great little movie . 
a winner . ? 
" stuart little " is ideal family entertainment for this holiday season and will not disappoint youngsters or adults for that matter . 
from the detail of their fur , to the detail of the way the walk ; the special effects team put a lot of time and effort on this $ 90 million dollar film and it shows . 
episode 1 - -the phantom menace " stuart little and his family are all computer generated and they look fantastically real . 
another gem of the film is nathan lane as snowball . 
it 's a cute , funny and very good - natured film that has nothing for parents to squirm over except a few mild cusswords . 
does a fantastic job and brings more out of stuart than anyone else could . 
some very funny moments , and a few sentimental moments all mixed in to one great little movie . 
are by far the best family films this year . 
" stuart little " is ideal family entertainment for this holiday season and will not disappoint youngsters or adults for that matter . 
one thing i noticed about the film instantly was the fantastic special effects . 
fits the character perfectly and ends up making stuart even more lovable . 
the human characters and stuart have a nice chemistry together and even makes us believe they really do care for each other . 
" stuart little " is one of the best family films to come out this year . 
but the action delivers , even if the energy peters out before the film 's end ( the finale , as spectacular as it is , is a letdown for fans of chan 's athletic prowess ) . 
other impressive set pieces follow 
but also like those other films , it is a highly enjoyable ride . 
, most notably a chase in a mall , which directly leads to some frenzied , if cliched ( can you say fruit cart ? ) , business involving a runaway carriage ; and an extended late - film sequence at a construction site , in which a hilarious pursuit through a maze of blue doors culminates in some exciting fights involving boards , cement mixers , and a deadly buzzsaw . 
his unique charm and reckless abandon are sure to be diluted by american hands , much like they have been before . 
, most notably a chase in a mall , which directly leads to some frenzied , if cliched ( can you say fruit cart ? ) , business involving a runaway carriage ; and an extended late - film sequence at a construction site , in which a hilarious pursuit through a maze of blue doors culminates in some exciting fights involving boards , cement mixers , and a deadly buzzsaw . 
willie nelson and merle haggard handle the musical end of things fabulously , from the upbeat gospel chorus theme song , to the weepy country waltz , to the hilarious " ballad of the green berets " parody . 
hoffman , on the other hand , is giddy , exuberant and joyous . 
wag the dog is a funny movie about serious problems : 
instead , david mamet 's script strikes that delicate balance between comedy and cynicism needed for satire . 
the characters are so well drawn and so well acted that we want to see more of them , listen to them talk in that wised - up mamet dialogue , get to know them better -- which we do n't . 
the dialogue is sharp and not filled with sappy overtones , even with the romantic nature of the plot . 
she does a wonderful portrayal of a jealous wife who is targeting the person who had an affair , and is not above getting other people to do her dirty work . 
the romantic moments are sweet , yet not sappy . 
while she does light up the screen 
drew barrymore 's accent tends to come and go ( luke wilson does n't seem to have this problem ) . as well , she seems awfully agile for a woman that is eight months pregnant . still , this movie is one that will please many viewers 
with plot twists galore and hilarious dark moments , this is sure to entertain . 
this movie is a lot of fun . 
critique : great premise is executed with enough style and thrills to keep the piece interesting throughout its close to two - hour runtime . 
the first hour is mostly just a build - up of things to come , and does offer a great characterization of the jackal , but the second hour is the one that really cranks in the cool scenes and a sweet ending . 
i did however enjoy director duguay 's interesting style and cinematic vision . 
i thought that was neat . 
admittedly , i was n't a huge fan of any of the main actors in this film , and did n't expect much from this movie beforehand , but surprisingly it did have its thrilling moments , as well as a mostly plausible and absorbing story line . 
the story involves the disruption caused by the archaeological professors of the day - to - day running of the camp , the search for the minah bid and greyhound , the major , fred and ernie 's desperate need of a woman , a misunderstanding leading to a striptease at the caravan park 's pub , and a shock in store for daphne . the partnership between sommer and williams is very effective and amusing . 
joan sims stands out as the demanding mother - in - law , bernard bresslaw and patsy rowlands work well together as husband and wife , and carol hawkins and sherrie hewson are a welcome addition to the cast 
this movie deserves a lot more recognition . 
there are enough truly comical moments and bright and breezy performances to lift this carry on above many of its predecessors . 
joan sims stands out as the demanding mother - in - law , bernard bresslaw and patsy rowlands work well together as husband and wife , and carol hawkins and sherrie hewson are a welcome addition to the cast 
joan sims stands out as the demanding mother - in - law , bernard bresslaw and patsy rowlands work well together as husband and wife , and carol hawkins and sherrie hewson are a welcome addition to the cast 
the look is absolutely mesmerizing right from the opening moments to the last . 
it is a fascinating example of how of one artist 's fervid imagination can transport an audience into an intoxicating fantasy world generally seen only in dreams . 
still , despite the story problems , the fifth element is an artistic triumph for luc besson ; rarely does a filmmaker 's original vision come to the screen in all its audacious , undiluted glory . 
but what is far from a letdown is the film as a whole , a wildly imaginative feast for the senses that does what all the best science fiction films do -- create a universe unlike any other presented on the silver screen . 
while besson 's bold vision is the biggest virtue of the film , it also could be its biggest obstacle to reaching a mass audience . 
the frenzied cityscape of new york , with its vibrant day - glo colors , tall buildings penetrating high into the clouds , and the swarm of cars , cabs , and other vehicles flying through labyrinthian skyways , is absolutely breathtaking to behold , especially in a wild car chase sequence early on in the film . 
while still visually and aurally spectacular , the events detailed are not as exciting nor powerful as they should be . 
the dialogue is edgy and inventive , and this film proves that a movie does n't necessarily require likable character to be extremely enjoyable . 
the screenplay , also written by berg , is , to put it mildly , very funny and courageous . 
the dialogue is edgy and inventive , and this film proves that a movie does n't necessarily require likable character to be extremely enjoyable . 
it is at this level that , " very bad things , " was so entertaining and surprising . 
although i enjoyed the film immensely , let me make this clear : " very bad things , " is not a movie for everyone . 
it pulls out all the stops to create something fresh , original , and hilarious , even if that requires surprisingly graphic violence , gore , and a slew of truly hateful characters that all get what they deserve by the end . 
" very bad things , " is the most delightfully morbid film of the year , a movie that goes so far over the deep end with its outrageousness and violence that i could n't help but be won over by the material . 
cameron diaz gives her best performance to date here , and has a lot of fun in playing the hateful laura , who eventually turns out to be more crazy than any of the five male friends . 
the last sequence was perfect and managed to go even further over - the - top . 
during the second act of the film , some of the fun was beginning to slightly dwindle due to so much death , which was beginning to undermine the humor , but it eventually recouped itself with a climax that has to be seen to be believed . 
luckily , these are elements that i would prefer in a comedy , since it clearly shows the filmmakers were set on making a no - holds - barred , politically incorrect comedy . 
tobey maguire is well cast yet again as an inherently good man who is seeking answers to life 's questions . . . 
somehow , the cider house rules manages to keep an even keel in the face of the harsh subject matter and allows a substantial amount of heart to shine through . 
somehow , the cider house rules manages to keep an even keel in the face of the harsh subject matter and allows a substantial amount of heart to shine through . 
it is hard to imagine that a movie which includes abortion and incest as prominent plot devices could be so sensitive , so delicate , so insightful and yes , even so enjoyable 
michael caine is , in a word , brilliant as the caring caretaker of these orphans , many of whom he helped to bring into the world . calling them " princes of maine , kings of new england " in his ritualistic goodnight , mr . 
known as the most successful , highest - grossing romantic comedy in history , director garry marshall apparently struck gold with " pretty woman , " which opened quietly during the summer of 1990 but , thanks to positive word - of - mouth , was able to reach upwards of $ 175-million in theaters alone . 
" so entertaining is its genuine sweetness and innocence , which is rarely as palpable in today 's films as it is here . 
this one misstep does not put a damper on the rest of the film , though , because there is just far too much magic at work here to disaffirm such a petty problem . helped along by a warm , memorable supporting performance from laura san giacomo , as vivian 's best friend and roommate , and a fabulously catchy soundtrack , in which all of the songs prominently aid in the movie 's overall fulfillment , " pretty woman " is a sparkler of a motion picture , and has what it takes to act as a blueprint on how to make the quintessential romantic comedy . 
this one misstep does not put a damper on the rest of the film , though , because there is just far too much magic at work here to disaffirm such a petty problem . helped along by a warm , memorable supporting performance from laura san giacomo , as vivian 's best friend and roommate , and a fabulously catchy soundtrack , in which all of the songs prominently aid in the movie 's overall fulfillment , " pretty woman " is a sparkler of a motion picture , and has what it takes to act as a blueprint on how to make the quintessential romantic comedy . 
this one misstep does not put a damper on the rest of the film , though , because there is just far too much magic at work here to disaffirm such a petty problem . helped along by a warm , memorable supporting performance from laura san giacomo , as vivian 's best friend and roommate , and a fabulously catchy soundtrack , in which all of the songs prominently aid in the movie 's overall fulfillment , " pretty woman " is a sparkler of a motion picture , and has what it takes to act as a blueprint on how to make the quintessential romantic comedy . 
roberts has continually proven to not only be a strong actress with a flare for comedy , but also one who can efficiently do drama , and in almost every film she appears in , it is difficult not to fall in love with her along with her male co - star . 
this one misstep does not put a damper on the rest of the film , though , because there is just far too much magic at work here to disaffirm such a petty problem . helped along by a warm , memorable supporting performance from laura san giacomo , as vivian 's best friend and roommate , and a fabulously catchy soundtrack , in which all of the songs prominently aid in the movie 's overall fulfillment , " pretty woman " is a sparkler of a motion picture , and has what it takes to act as a blueprint on how to make the quintessential romantic comedy . 
and yet , amidst all of these qualms and flaws , " pretty woman " is an astoundingly charming motion picture , and it is definately easy to see why it became such an overnight sensation with moviegoers . 
known as the most successful , highest - grossing romantic comedy in history , director garry marshall apparently struck gold with " pretty woman , " which opened quietly during the summer of 1990 but , thanks to positive word - of - mouth , was able to reach upwards of $ 175-million in theaters alone . 
julia roberts , in her breakthrough role after 1988 's well - received " mistic pizza " and 1989 's " steel magnolia , " for which she was nominated for an academy award , is radiant and funny as the wordly vivian , who surprisingly could be a role model for impressionistic viewers , not for her line of work , but more for her sheer intelligence . 
the other winning element that makes " pretty woman 
the question of why it worked so well lies directly with the film 's two charismatic stars , richard gere and julia roberts , since the story itself is none too original or even believable . 
allegedly planned as a grim , downbeat drama until garry marshall came on board as director , " pretty woman " has been transformed in all senses of the word into a classic fairy tale , a la " cinderella . 
this one misstep does not put a damper on the rest of the film , though , because there is just far too much magic at work here to disaffirm such a petty problem . helped along by a warm , memorable supporting performance from laura san giacomo , as vivian 's best friend and roommate , and a fabulously catchy soundtrack , in which all of the songs prominently aid in the movie 's overall fulfillment , " pretty woman " is a sparkler of a motion picture , and has what it takes to act as a blueprint on how to make the quintessential romantic comedy . 
and yet , amidst all of these qualms and flaws , " pretty woman " is an astoundingly charming motion picture , and it is definately easy to see why it became such an overnight sensation with moviegoers . 
the question of why it worked so well lies directly with the film 's two charismatic stars , richard gere and julia roberts , since the story itself is none too original or even believable . 
the acting is first rate down to even the smallest supporting role , and virtually every performance deserves mention . 
the acting is first rate down to even the smallest supporting role , and virtually every performance deserves mention . 
sean young is perfectly cast as larry 's picture perfect wife , tish , a superficial and trendy make - up consultant . 
and finally , lloyd bridges in a tour de force performance 
let 's hope the french continue to provide us with the inspiration to make films like cousins 
the dramatic comedy cousins has all the necessary ingredients : a witty and whimsical script , inspired performances , a great sense of humor , a large and wonderful cast , and the beautiful scenery of vancouver . 
the film is larger than life and has a keen sense of the absurd . 
as maria , isabella rossellini is a joy to watch 
the real star is lane . 
his attempted transformation from one of the most obviously gay men in the world to the straight - shooting uncle is hilarious . 
luckily 
you 'll love it . 
williams is excellent as should be no surprise . 
but this film is far from bad because it at least embraces the spirit of sheer fun at the movies . 
but this film is far from bad because it at least embraces the spirit of sheer fun at the movies . 
` the phantom menace ' delivers exactly what you 'd expect from a ` star wars ' film which is why it succeeds as well as it does 
superb acting , direction , writing , story , and soundtrack that always sets the mood for the film , which is beautifully composed by eric clapton and marc shaiman , make the story of us a touching , unforgettable motion picture that will touch the hearts of viewers across the country- and will certainly become one of the most talked about movies of the fall . 
he went from being a man who was being typecast to the same role in action movies , to a distinguished , sophisticated actor , as in last summer 's the sixth sense ; and now in the story of us , willis shows the world what he can really do if he is fed a good script . 
superb acting , direction , writing , story , and soundtrack that always sets the mood for the film , which is beautifully composed by eric clapton and marc shaiman , make the story of us a touching , unforgettable motion picture that will touch the hearts of viewers across the country- and will certainly become one of the most talked about movies of the fall . 
although i would n't pick willis as the choice actor for ben jordan , willis handles himself nicely , and shines in a few of the film 's most powerful scenes , enough that make his performance a definite contender comes awards season . 
through the flashbacks , we get to see the story of them through both of the character 's eyes , and this gives us a strong sense of what their characters are really like , as the story of us has three dimensional , believable main characters . 
the screenplay , written by jessie nelson ( stepmom ) and alan zweibel ( dragnet ) , is a touching , down to earth work that hits a chord within the viewer , much like another one of nelson 's films , stepmom . 
although i would n't pick willis as the choice actor for ben jordan , willis handles himself nicely , and shines in a few of the film 's most powerful scenes , enough that make his performance a definite contender comes awards season . 
the story of us plays out nicely , as the film opens with ben sharing his story with a therapist , told to the viewer through flashbacks . 
the story of us , a rob reiner film , is the second movie this fall that touches the viewer in a way they are rarely touched by a film , as they can see their everyday lives in the usually once in a year films . 
he went from being a man who was being typecast to the same role in action movies , to a distinguished , sophisticated actor , as in last summer 's the sixth sense ; and now in the story of us , willis shows the world what he can really do if he is fed a good script . 
pfeiffer 's performance is one that if not recognized by the academy next spring , will be in the heart 's of any viewer that has watched this moving film . 
the story of us , a film about the highs and lows of marriage and family , is a well written , heartbreaking and insightful film 
although i would n't pick willis as the choice actor for ben jordan , willis handles himself nicely , and shines in a few of the film 's most powerful scenes , enough that make his performance a definite contender comes awards season . 
superb acting , direction , writing , story , and soundtrack that always sets the mood for the film , which is beautifully composed by eric clapton and marc shaiman , make the story of us a touching , unforgettable motion picture that will touch the hearts of viewers across the country- and will certainly become one of the most talked about movies of the fall . 
pfeiffer 's performance is spellbinding and ultimately strong , as she brings her character to life with such charisma and emotion 
superb acting , direction , writing , story , and soundtrack that always sets the mood for the film , which is beautifully composed by eric clapton and marc shaiman , make the story of us a touching , unforgettable motion picture that will touch the hearts of viewers across the country- and will certainly become one of the most talked about movies of the fall . 
the bottom line : a wonderful , enchanting , and heartbreaking film . 
pfeiffer 's performance is spellbinding and ultimately strong , as she brings her character to life with such charisma and emotion 
there 's also a great rap soundtrack with some 
the script is funny , and the raps are actually well produced and humorous , and quite clever . 
bulworth is a film with many advantages , and few flaws . 
best of all , the film is thought provoking , but directed and written in such a way that the film feels as light as a feather , and is very entertaining 
suits the film perfectly , and both the politics are gangland parts are handled well . 
bulworth , then , is well worth watching . 
suits the film perfectly , and both the politics are gangland parts are handled well . 
warren beatty returns to the screens in the funniest , craziest and hard hitting movie in his career . 
best of all , the film is thought provoking , but directed and written in such a way that the film feels as light as a feather , and is very entertaining 
he 's excellent in the role of the demented senator , clearing having fun . and seeing warren beatty have fun is a rare sight indeed . 
the writing and directing , both by beatty , are above par . 
well chosen tunes . 
halle berry is fine , and sexy , as the intellectual nina , who comes to like the senator . 
a strange accent , laurie metcalf as the exact same characters she 's also played , and christine baranski of cybill fame as bullworths wife , who all contribute to the fun . 
the script -- based on hunter adams ' own story -- works well this way . 
director tom shadyac ( liar liar ) leads us in and out of patch 's life in a sound , intentional manner ; combined with williams ' presence on screen , the movie rarely becomes boring . 
director tom shadyac ( liar liar ) leads us in and out of patch 's life in a sound , intentional manner ; combined with williams ' presence on screen , the movie rarely becomes boring . 
nevertheless , it 's an emotionally moving picture , and patch adams looks to be one of the more memorable of the holiday season . 
it 's entertainment for the entire family . 
the rest of the cast , bob gunton as the villain professor in particular , is solid . 
nevertheless , it 's an emotionally moving picture , and patch adams looks to be one of the more memorable of the holiday season . 
by and large there may be another oscar nomination herein for williams , but more importantly , 
it succeeds at everything it tries , and only fails at the stuff it does n't try in the first place . 
the lovable scoundrel is back , giving audiences a fresh reminder of why ford is one of the most enduring and popular modern screen icons . 
both actors , who have largely done serious works as of late , seem liberated by the lack of dramatic weight on their shoulders , and they deliver their zingers , as weak as they sometimes are , with beguiling abandon . 
as appealing and charismatic as he always is , ford has n't been quite this charming and affable in years ; he 's obviously having a blast , and the audience can not help but have one along with him . holding her own is heche , whose scrappy character never becomes the screaming ninny 
reitman , and old , reliable hand at breezy comedies , keeps the pace brisk and capably handles the more action - oriented sequences . 
as appealing and charismatic as he always is , ford has n't been quite this charming and affable in years ; he 's obviously having a blast , and the audience can not help but have one along with him . holding her own is heche , whose scrappy character never becomes the screaming ninny 
it 's certainly fluff , but it 's unpretentious , undemanding , and -- most importantly -- fun fluff that goes down as easily as a frothy pina colada on a balmy tropical beach 
with ivan reitman 's enjoyable romantic comedy / adventure 
while some of the lines fall flat , the formulaic motions work because of the unexpectedly electric chemistry between ford and heche . 
she can take her lumps , physical and otherwise , just as well as quinn , making her a formidable foil and ideal match . formulaic and light as a feather , _ six_days , 
his big accomplishment , however , is bringing the old , smiling ford back . 
as appealing and charismatic as he always is , ford has n't been quite this charming and affable in years ; he 's obviously having a blast , and the audience can not help but have one along with him . holding her own is heche , whose scrappy character never becomes the screaming ninny 
there have been a number of pushes on disney 's death grip on the market , and fifty - one weeks into ' 98 , a new champion has emerged 
the animation is flawless , and , aside from a bug 's life , is the best - looking movie to date . 
dreamworks ' the prince of egypt succeeds where all of the other conventionally animated products have failed . 
the cast of voices is most impressive , and also includes such noteables as sandra bullock , jeff goldblum , danny glover , and steve martin . 
dreamworks is the first studio to prove that they 've got the stuff of success , and that they 're capable of challenging disney . 
the cast of voices is most impressive , and also includes such noteables as sandra bullock , jeff goldblum , danny glover , and steve martin . 
the animation is flawless , and , aside from a bug 's life , is the best - looking movie to date . 
in making the prince of egypt , dreamworks has strayed from all of these hallmarks and created a genuinely unique product . 
but for those who make the bid , the prince of egypt can be a great watch . 
the story is also well - written , and the characters voiced with talent . for the most part , the plot follows its source material -- the book of exodus -- although only in the most general sense . 
the story is also well - written , and the characters voiced with talent . for the most part , the plot follows its source material -- the book of exodus -- although only in the most general sense . 
the key to success , however , was that the visuals were used not just because they looked cool but also as a method of advancing the plot . 
the script does not have a lot of one - liners in it , and god is reduced to a voice that might well be mistaken for the same one that spoke to kevin costner in field of dreams , but overall the story is exciting and interesting . 
perfectly unified in tone . 
this is a stylish , great - looking , and breezily enjoyable movie that feels like a hubert selby , jr . 
the movie is all style , all visuals and attitudes , quotable lines and posturing -- and it delivers all those things consistently and with great brio and pacing . 
it all works . 
anyone with a weakness for doo - wop , neon , motorcycles , rainy streets , the el , studebakers , gang pictures , lonely heroes , and a great - looking gal giving the microphone both lungs will eat this movie up . 
novel filtered through equal parts damon runyan and bruce springsteen , and a ton of fun . 
no surprise that it was directed by walter hill ( 48 hrs . ) , who understands this kind of macho romanticism perfectly , and has put together a movie that 's a mixture of times and sensibilities , but 
streets of fire is n't the greatest movie ever made , but it occupies a totally unique little niche , and enjoys the position it has . 
even the dog puts in a good performance , you know you 've got an outstanding movie . 
they play well off of each other and have a genuine chemistry which makes it a pleasure to watch them on screen . 
he plays such a pivotal role to melvin 's character development , actually serves to forward the plot , and has some absolutely scene - stealing moments , that it is hard to believe he is simply an animal . 
the screenplay , by mark andrus and james l . brooks , is clever , touching , and funny . 
he gives a short monologue about what it means for him to be an artist , and delivers it with such inspiration and conviction that you actually get to feel some of what he feels . 
one of the best elements of this film is watching melvin try to express feelings which are not the usual negative ones he so often shares with others . 
the best part about it , however , is that it is filled with characters we care about because they are actually interesting 
combined with the talent of the actors , these characters make the film . 
he plays such a pivotal role to melvin 's character development , actually serves to forward the plot , and has some absolutely scene - stealing moments , that it is hard to believe he is simply an animal . 
greg kinnear , who is becoming known for his supporting film roles , is also very good at playing the vulnerable simon . 
good performances are turned in by all principal players in this film , especially by nicholson and hunt . 
" in some ways the slickest film yet from nonfiction auteur morris ( the thin blue line , a brief history of time ) , fast , cheap & out of control is reportage of the highest order . 
what morris manages is something akin to an intellectual magic trick , an interrogative sleight of hand . 
( the title is taken from brooks ' wish that nasa would send a payload of hundreds of expendable robots to scurry about the martian surface , creating a sort of road map for the terrain -- fast , cheap , and out of control . ) with able assists from editors karen schmeer and shondra merrill and cinematographer robert richardson ( oliver stone 's longtime collaborator ) , this becomes a cinematic contraption that 's a wonder of narrative divergence and coherence . 
( further enhancing the picture 's wacky intellectual mood is the playful score by alloy orchestra founder caleb sampson . ) 
( the title is taken from brooks ' wish that nasa would send a payload of hundreds of expendable robots to scurry about the martian surface , creating a sort of road map for the terrain -- fast , cheap , and out of control . ) with able assists from editors karen schmeer and shondra merrill and cinematographer robert richardson ( oliver stone 's longtime collaborator ) , this becomes a cinematic contraption that 's a wonder of narrative divergence and coherence . 
this breakdown of the dichotomy between the everyday and the extraordinary is likely as profound as anything you 'll encounter in pop culture this year , and the visuals cry out for the big screen . 
" in some ways the slickest film yet from nonfiction auteur morris ( the thin blue line , a brief history of time ) , fast , cheap & out of control is reportage of the highest order . 
the fun is settling into your theater seat and wondering just what the hell one story can possibly have to do with the other . 
do n't miss it . 
journalism students should dream of making connections like these . 
the greatest performances possible are turned in by all actors , and cimino 's directing , which is considered to be at his all - time best in this film , is equally dazzling . 
personally , i felt that de niro 's absolutely gripping portrayal really was displayed in a brilliant way in these and the following scenes . 
in this academy award winner for best picture of 1978 , outstanding performances are turned in by all actors , and cimino 's brilliant directing provides the perfect vision into the character 's lives . 
a very emotional , and , for many , a very disturbing movie , the deer hunter is a truly magnificent movie that should not be missed . 
in this academy award winner for best picture of 1978 , outstanding performances are turned in by all actors , and cimino 's brilliant directing provides the perfect vision into the character 's lives . 
the deer hunter , directed by michael cimino , is truly one of the greatest movies ever made . a captivating drama about the lives of a group of friends from a small russian - american pennsylvania community , the deer hunter promises to be one of those movies that you will never forget . 
the deer hunter , directed by michael cimino , is truly one of the greatest movies ever made . a captivating drama about the lives of a group of friends from a small russian - american pennsylvania community , the deer hunter promises to be one of those movies that you will never forget . 
the outstanding performances by de niro , walken , streep , savage , and cazale , who died very shortly after the filming of the movie was completed , really begin to shine through and promise not to halt in the near future . 
personally , i felt that de niro 's absolutely gripping portrayal really was displayed in a brilliant way in these and the following scenes . 
the greatest performances possible are turned in by all actors , and cimino 's directing , which is considered to be at his all - time best in this film , is equally dazzling . 
do not miss this film , it will captivate and astound you . 
in this academy award winner for best picture of 1978 , outstanding performances are turned in by all actors , and cimino 's brilliant directing provides the perfect vision into the character 's lives . 
the greatest performances possible are turned in by all actors , and cimino 's directing , which is considered to be at his all - time best in this film , is equally dazzling . 
the outstanding performances by de niro , walken , streep , savage , and cazale , who died very shortly after the filming of the movie was completed , really begin to shine through and promise not to halt in the near future . 
easily the best hollywood piece for 1997 . 
there is not a single moment in the film in which i felt was slow at all . 
l . a . confidential is probably one of the best piece of work produced by hollywood in recent years . 
, wonderful storytelling and one of the best climaxing gunfights ever . 
surprisingly , though spacey did a very convincing job as the street - wise vincennes , the movie was carried mostly by the two rather ` unknowns ' , pearce and crowe . 
crowe 's bud white is the most impressive of all ; head - strong and temperamental , he should obtain some sort of recognition for his work here . 
with storytelling this compelling , who needs books ? 
superb acting . 
the last time i remember a film so clever and compelling was when i watched the usual suspects . in l . a . confidential , you do not get the shock and cleverness as the former but it has a lot more of ` story ' going for it . 
crowe 's bud white is the most impressive of all ; head - strong and temperamental , he should obtain some sort of recognition for his work here . 
crowe 's bud white is the most impressive of all ; head - strong and temperamental , he should obtain some sort of recognition for his work here . 
rush is splendid as de sade , utterly inhabiting the character . 
rush is splendid as de sade , utterly inhabiting the character . 
the extent to which de sade is willing to go to practise his trade is amongst the movie 's most intriguing elements , as when de sade scribes a story in his own blood , or narrates a tale via of a chain of fellow inmates , cell to cell . 
all provide huge laughs when they 're up to bat . 
it remains a solid comedy throughout its entirety , yet we 're still allowed a sappily touching ending . 
the great thing about this film is that every single character has a moment to shine , and they use it wonderfully . 
dillon has never been so likeable , cusack 
rudnick 's script is heavily laced with wit and humor , and you 'll likely find yourself laughing out loud for a solid ninety minutes . 
the great thing about this film is that every single character has a moment to shine , and they use it wonderfully . 
every single actor turns in one of their best performances ever . 
, directs this film quite delightfully , using all the potential rudnick 's script has to offer , which turns out to be quite a bit . check this one out . 
kline seems only to improve with age , and he is downright perfect here . 
then along came in & out , and all three of these films are on my top ten list for the years in which they were released . 
it all sounds very devastating , and it would be if it were n't presented with near - perfection by one of this year 's most delightful ensemble casts 
the script is exuberant , the actors are absolutely top- notch , and we 're allowed just the perfect blend of heart - tugging so as not to bog down the laughs . 
has never seemed so perfect for a role , and brimley , reynolds , and newhart 
, directs this film quite delightfully , using all the potential rudnick 's script has to offer , which turns out to be quite a bit . check this one out . 
the acting is solid from everyone , including hopkins , who never once makes you think of dr . 
with his last two films - shine and snow falling on cedars - australian director scott hicks has proven his cinematic flashbacks to be some of the best out there , and his latest , hearts in atlantis , is no different . 
most impressive are youngsters yelchin and boorem , who both had tiny parts in along came a spider . 
i would dare to say it ranks as high as the scores for both " titanic " and " rosewood " as best of the year 
i would dare to say it ranks as high as the scores for both " titanic " and " rosewood " as best of the year 
also noteworthy is the score for the film , done in 
but when the time comes to fight , yuen biao has never looked better . 
all in all , " hero " marks a grand return to filmmaking for shaw brothers . 
the action scenes do not disappoint 
corey yuen 's latest film , " hero " is notable on two fronts . 
the comic turn by yuen wah , previously known as the mad vietnamese in samo hung 's " eastern condors " , is a marvelous surprise . 
the performances in the film are all top notch , with fine turns by takeshi kaneshiro as ma wing jing and jessica hester and valerie chow . 
this is the film that gives us faith that hong kong cinema is alive and flourishing . 
corey yuen directs the film with a maturity and a sense of pacing that has been lacking in hong kong movies as of late . 
. the stand - out is by yuen biao who returns to the screen after a string of disappointments , with a stellar performance . 
a marvelously lush orchestral style , not representative of most hong kong fare . 
the lighting , cinematography and staging of the film are beautiful to watch . 
his gift for comedy is marvelously understated and hilarious 
. the stand - out is by yuen biao who returns to the screen after a string of disappointments , with a stellar performance . 
the special effects team deserves praise for a fantastic job of making the impossible look possible . 
an early fight between takeshi kaneshiro and yuen biao on the back of a horse is to be seen to be believed . 
the performances in the film are all top notch , with fine turns by takeshi kaneshiro as ma wing jing and jessica hester and valerie chow . 
the strong part of the film is the interesting relationship between gale and dewey ( who ambles onto the screen accompanied by his very own theme music ) . 
( save for the first post - prologue murder , which is handled in such a mediocre , conventional fashion that it seems to be culled directly from the predictable 1980s slasher flicks that the first film satirized ) , and are much more fun to watch . 
they 're staged much more imaginatively here 
although the teen horror market had been given up for all - but - dead in recent years , the film shocked industry observers by scoring consistently high box office returns , eventually topping $ 100 million domestic and becoming one of the most successful films of its type in history , while delighting audiences by finally presenting a set of knowing slasher flick protagonists who were aware of the all the standard cliches associated with the genre . 
although the teen horror market had been given up for all - but - dead in recent years , the film shocked industry observers by scoring consistently high box office returns , eventually topping $ 100 million domestic and becoming one of the most successful films of its type in history , while delighting audiences by finally presenting a set of knowing slasher flick protagonists who were aware of the all the standard cliches associated with the genre . 
chief among them is jodi benson , a 1992 tony nominee for her stage work in crazy for you , who voices the film 's heroine ariel to perfection ; with a wonderfully expressive speaking voice full of youthful vigor , and gorgeous singing voice , ms . 
menken 's score for the film is equally top - notch ; 
benson provides a most engaging anchor for the film . 
during the song 's reprise , which builds to a crescendo with ariel arching on a rock as a wave crashes in , the cumulative effect is nothing short of breathtaking , and one becomes acutely aware that this single instance is one of the finest in animation history . 
ashman ) which , accompanied by the film 's most dazzlingly polished animation sequence , packs an emotional wallop which literally brought tears to my eyes 
similarly , samuel e . wright is terrific 
pat carrol is deliciously villainous and vampy as the evil sea - witch ursula , 
ashman 's charming lyrics are fully integrated into the film 's storyline so that the songs are a virtual extension of the character 's dialogue , and consequently work wonderfully within the context of the film . 
while the animation for the film is , as is typically the case for disney films , unquestionably top - notch , the magic in the little mermaid is not its animation , but 
this simple but touching love story , coupled with a healthy dose of smart humour , makes the little mermaid a remarkably captivating picture . 
while kenneth mars ' booming voice conveys the stern yet affectionate authority of ariel 's father , king triton . 
the little mermaid is the best film to come out of the disney 's modern animation renaissance , and one of the greatest animated films ever made . 
ashman 's charming lyrics are fully integrated into the film 's storyline so that the songs are a virtual extension of the character 's dialogue , and consequently work wonderfully within the context of the film . 
the wonderful innocence of its story and its rousingly superb music . 
in large roles and small ( edie mcclurg as dotting busybody carlotta is ideal , and rene auberjonois has great fun with his exuberant french chef ) , the little mermaid is impeccably cast . 
any reason to put this film back into theatres is a good one , and it 's a true joy to see this heartwarming gem back on the silver screen 
benson 's heartfelt rendition of the ballad " part of your world " , an achingly beautiful tune of yearning and hope ( wonderfully lyricized by mr . 
chief among them is jodi benson , a 1992 tony nominee for her stage work in crazy for you , who voices the film 's heroine ariel to perfection ; with a wonderfully expressive speaking voice full of youthful vigor , and gorgeous singing voice , ms . 
fortunately , the performers who voice the characters in the little mermaid , although perhaps more obscure , are impeccably cast . 
he easily milks his lovable character 's comic moments for all they 're worth , and his rendering of two of the little mermaid 's big tunes -- " under the sea " and " kiss the girl " -- have become the stuff of legend . 
of course , the little mermaid will probably be best remembered for its remarkable collection of songs composed by the songwriting team of alan menken ( music ) and howard ashman ( lyrics ) , who had created little shop of horrors and would go on to compose beauty and the beast and aladdin for disney before mr . 
chief among them is jodi benson , a 1992 tony nominee for her stage work in crazy for you , who voices the film 's heroine ariel to perfection ; with a wonderfully expressive speaking voice full of youthful vigor , and gorgeous singing voice , ms . 
but although disney 's motives in the reissue of the little mermaid were self - serving and protectionist , the real winner is the public . 
with the once seemingly - impregnable disney stranglehold on the market share suddenly looking mighty vulnerable , and faced with their first serious competition in the animated film market from fox 's anastasia , disney has brought xmas home early by dusting off the feature which sparked the modern revival of feature animation , the little mermaid . 
the little mermaid is the best film to come out of the disney 's modern animation renaissance , and one of the greatest animated films ever made . 
director bob clark captures the look and feel of the era with wonderful technicality . 
on top of that , young billingsley 's stupefied reactions to each predicament is absolutely perfect in contrast with the narration . 
the old man ' ) are perfect in their roles . 
` a christmas story ' is a standout among holiday movies , because it captures so much in a meager 90 minutes . 
it 's often genuinely hilarious . . . . 
here are a few features that make this film such a charming little package 
shepard 's first - hand commentary of several situations is not only downright hilarious , but also witty and warm , with various metaphorical meanings that ring perfectly with the essence of comic timing . 
` a christmas story ' is a favorite among many during the holiday season , and boy , 
shepard 's first - hand commentary of several situations is not only downright hilarious , but also witty and warm , with various metaphorical meanings that ring perfectly with the essence of comic timing . 
there are plenty of memorable moments in ` a christmas story ' . 
i can hardly imagine a more accurate depiction of what christmas for young ralphie must have been like . 
shepard 's first - hand commentary of several situations is not only downright hilarious , but also witty and warm , with various metaphorical meanings that ring perfectly with the essence of comic timing . 
his performance is richly textured , making all of the humorous situations he stumbles into radiate with flavor and enjoyment . which brings us to . . . . 
again , shepard 's method of handling this amusing scenario is nothing short of comic wizardry . 
in portraying the writer as a persistent but mild - mannered young lad , peter billingsley has struck quite the chord . 
not to mention warm , fluffy and touching in all the appropriate places . 
it is certainly easy to see why . 
particularly notable is philip baker hall who gave a mesmerizing performance from the first scene of hard eight . 
as studies of characters these stories are each worth following . 
the film juggles all these stories for over three hours , but even after all this time not one story is resolved satisfactorily . 
magnolia will probably bring some much deserved attention to paul thomas anderson , though in my opinion his two previous films , hard eight and boogie nights were better told stories . 
otherwise the event was quite believable . 
what we see in this film is much more credible than the phenomena we saw in volcano . 
the special effects are outstanding , though ( warning ! ) 
easily one of the best 1997 films , and one of the best sci - fi films i 've ever seen 
easily one of the best 1997 films , and one of the best sci - fi films i 've ever seen 
it 's a very impressive film . 
even so , some of the subtle visual effects ( that will likely go unnoticed by many ) are even more impressive than ones more recognizable as " sci - fi " . 
it 's a * highly * enjoyable two and a half hours . 
this is zemeckis ' best since back to the future , and for those of us who actually know that forrest gump was astronomically overrated , zemeckis now has real reason to boast . 
the storytelling is rich and complete , and although there are moments in the film that feel quite pretentious ( and at times , even hokey ) , it 's 
this italian film star , best known in the united states for the poorly received son of the pink panther , has done the near impossible by creating a comic fable about the holocaust . 
benigni has succeeded in using the blackest moment in human history to prove that even in hell , a ray of hope and salvation can penetrate the darkness . 
again , this is a solid performance . 
milos forman has done a great job in directing 
woody harrelson gives an excellent performance . 
it is not really an exciting or thrilling film , but instead a highly interesting portrayal of a true story . 
she is brilliant in portraying althea in every respect . 
courtney love obviously has a great understanding for althea 's situation , as 
an excellent look at flynt , his life , and his story . 
this is a beautiful , elegant and intelligent take on virtual reality . 
instead of going after the crowds - the action audience ( like the matrix ) , or aiming at the horror fans ( like existenz ) , ' the thirteenth floor ' presents a more intelligent plot , witch will provide a less entertaining and more serious experience , that the true science fiction lovers will find rewarding . in a near future . . 
kirk m . petrucelli has done a marvelous job with the recreation of the thirties with its glamour , grace and color ; and setting this world in opposition to our own -- an almost caricatured recreation of the nineties . 
i was positively surprised by josef rusnak 's latest picture . 
instead of going after the crowds - the action audience ( like the matrix ) , or aiming at the horror fans ( like existenz ) , ' the thirteenth floor ' presents a more intelligent plot , witch will provide a less entertaining and more serious experience , that the true science fiction lovers will find rewarding . in a near future . . 
they are off course not answered , but posed in an intelligent manner . 
this is off course a major disappointment to the audience that is used to endless gunfights and mutated amphibians , but the more serious science fiction buffs and ' dark city'-fans will be pleased 
this film is interesting and inspiring . 
however , if you 're just looking for an enjoyable movie and a good time , this is one to see 
the special effects are amazing , and fooled me ( which some may argue is n't very difficult to do ) in many scenes . 
does well in her role as penny ( i 'm trying to be unbiased so i wo n't tell you how amazing she looked ) , although brian benben gets most of the screen time . 
does well in her role as penny ( i 'm trying to be unbiased so i wo n't tell you how amazing she looked ) , although brian benben gets most of the screen time . 
in my personal opinion , they could n't be more wrong . if you were expecting airplane ! 
after the funny but sour _ kingpin _ left a negative aftertaste in my palate , comes the funniest sex farce 
but the absolute joy in this film is how this simple premise allows for humor in zippers , hair gel , the mentally disabled , the physically handicapped , interracial marriages , homosexuals , skin conditions , serial killers , tanning , and drugged - up dogs . 
cameron diaz makes her totally charming , and the audience respects her , even though women in general do not usually undress before an open window . 
+ mary+ is the sweetest , warmest , all - out laugh - and - grossfest 
the dog on speed sequence alone is worth the price of admission , and belongs in the film comedy hall of fame . 
approach this with an open mind , and you will reap the benefits hugely . 
ben stiller also fares very well , totally changing his image from his _ reality bites _ and _ flirting with disaster _ straight men to being a , ( how to say it ? ) , a complete loser . 
they make laughter , the toughest job for a filmmaker to do , look easy . 
storytelling has always been one of pedro almod ? var 's greatest gifts 
although based on a ruth rendell story , " live flesh " is brimming with the acclaimed spanish director 's high - heeled flourishes . 
it 's a credit to almod ? var 's craft that these five individuals cross paths and intertwine with such credulity . 
it did work . 
even so , weaver and hunter act very well in their own departments . 
copycat is a good thriller . 
this worked pretty well and will offer audiences a couple of unexpected jolts . 
nice movie to bring your girlfriend to . . . . 
, a very good jazz singer , shines as the imprisoned serial killer a la hannibal lecter . 
it is so good in achieving its purpose 
event horizon is highly recommended ? ? 
even so , the essence of horror is carried out very well in this film , thanks to its well - paced storytelling , disturbing set designs and some really gory sequences ( which incidentally , has been quite generously removed by our censorship board ) . 
the story unfolds itself slowly and the suspense buildup is superb , up till the point where i really felt like saying out loud ` enough ! 
even so , the essence of horror is carried out very well in this film , thanks to its well - paced storytelling , disturbing set designs and some really gory sequences ( which incidentally , has been quite generously removed by our censorship board ) . 
director paul anderson ( who did mortal kombat ) and his team of ` atmosphere ' creators have done well in keeping event horizon within the bounds of the term ` horror ' . 
the magic of this film lies in its unorthodox setting and methodical build - up that makes it wonderfully horrifying . 
ssbas is ultimately about thirsting for freedom -- and it looks like we could use a little more of that in our movie diet , god knows . 
capsule : earthy , experimental , difficult , shockingly frank ( even for 1997 ! ) , and ultimately refreshing story of a black man on the run from the cops . 
i was surprised to discover a truly entertaining , often hilarious yet also touching little film . 
many so - called " serious dramas " of today . all the more amazing is that such a movie comes from a saturday night live sketch that is essentially a one - joke bit . if you feel like renting a comedy , and you have n't seen this film 
for a lightweight comedy , it handles these scenes especially well , often better than 
although filled with small , very funny scenes , stuart saves his family also has its share of dramatic moments , especially towards the conclusion . 
for a lightweight comedy , it handles these scenes especially well , often better than 
the script , reminiscent of a david mamet play , flows smoothly with its fast paced intelligence and mesmerizing set of bizarre characters . 
the dialog by wendy macleod , based on the play by mark waters , is so sharp and biting that it seems in danger of cutting through the celluloid at any moment . 
their ripostes are engaging filmmaking at its best . 
perfect for viewers who can appreciate perverse comedy , this story never pulls its punches . 
although his sister , who thinks she is jackie - o , is certifiably insane , marty fits right in with the rest of this highly dysfunctional family in the witty black comedy the house of yes . mother and daughter , played in a brilliant performance by parker posey , are both varying degrees of wacko . 
the chemistry between parker posey and josh hamilton is nothing short of amazing . 
i 'll not say more except that the ending is perfect and a bit of a surprise . 
the key to a movie like this is in finding the right balance between humor and drama , because a premise like this has its obvious implications in both directions . 
the most interesting thing about the truman show is that most of us can probably imagine some ambitious director pitching a show like this . 
he 's come a long way from talking butt cheeks in ace ventura . 
nevertheless it 's worth - seeing . 
a horrific long take that shows the bus sliding , then stopping , then collapsing into a frozen lake , is the best digital trickery in any movie this year 
the sweet hereafter is much better 
than either of these two films , simply because it 's not boring 
egoyan is a fine , fine , postmodern storyteller , whose work is entertaining , edgy and smart , if a bit too intellectual at times . 
no filmmaker deconstructs a story as well as atom egoyan . 
i was always absorbed , engrossed , and surprised by the sweet hereafter . 
egoyan is a fine , fine , postmodern storyteller , whose work is entertaining , edgy and smart , if a bit too intellectual at times . 
sam raimi took a departure from his normal freak - show horror - monkey films and made this stylish and intriguing picture . 
but at least this one has an important message , unlike so many of its counterparts . 
and its much better than any of those . 
i think raimi knew he had a winner on his hands and decided to direct the picture on a natural flowing course . 
or if he was just taking a long time to think about the thing he just said . here he really proves his worth as one of the best character actors in the industry . 
it has a very appealing new twist in its characters . 
or if he was just taking a long time to think about the thing he just said . here he really proves his worth as one of the best character actors in the industry . 
raimi does a fine job of tying in a fox in a chicken coop and birds of prey to signify the future of the characters . 
paxton gives one of the better performances of his career as the straight and serious leader of the group ( a far cry from chet in wierd science ) . 
he gives a fantastic and devastatingly deep performance here . 
does a impressive job starting the film off , and then tying it up just right . 
the cast is excellent . 
he does an outstanding writing and directing job here 
other great performances are turned in by the rest of the supporting cast . 
i loved this movie 
take your whole family to see simon birch , it is a magnificent film- 
joseph is outstanding for someone of any age , not alone someone who just turned 15 . 
, it is far and away one of the best films 
the first character jim has played that is not over the top in anyway , and he does a commendable job . 
, the film 's structure is flawless and its flows together perfectly 
, has such a strong physical presence that you believe he is simon without any hesitation . 
joseph mazzello gives the stand out performance . 
i did n't hear one negative comment , and i did n't have any to offer . 
the dialog goes from extremely funny to morose without missing a beat . 
take your whole family to see simon birch , it is a magnificent film- an american masterpiece . 
the saint is very action - packed , with few slow points . 
all in all , a rather enjoyable movie with nearly non - stop action . 
these moments are almost always thanks to kilmer 's extraneous , very convincing disguises and personalities . 
actually provides a rather good role in this movie , although at times you are left to ponder how he actually gets out of the many tight situations . 
the sound was very well done and added to the many intense moments . 
they are very convincing , not only to the characters in the movie , but to us . 
the saint was actually a little better than i expected it to be 
one of the enjoyable features in the film is the disguises that kilmer dawns to complete his missions . 
there were enough twists and turns to keep me thinking and attentive to the film . 
along the way , douglas interacts with many different potential suspects , and a woman who claims to be the daughter of fuller , jane fuller , played wonderfully by a talented young actress , gretchen mol . 
on the plus side of acting , we get to see the missing from main character action since the film masterpiece shine in 1995 actor , armin mueller - stahl . 
another plus is gretchen mol 's realistic performance , creating her character with depth , not just staying in the one - dimensional phase . 
in the thirteenth floor , he is back and is still giving believable and amazing performances . 
another plus is gretchen mol 's realistic performance , creating her character with depth , not just staying in the one - dimensional phase . 
it is cute , funny , suspenseful 
basically this movie is reasonably fun . 
i think that this is a reasonable family summer movie for families with older kids who have already seen maverick . 
i enjoyed following a fun couple solving the mystery . 
i like the one story focus 
one of the bad guys was a surprise . 
they both do fine with their roles : he 's a bored columnist with the chicago chronicle and she 's a hotshot " cub " reporter with the chicago globe . 
julia roberts and nick nolte are fine separately and together . 
i really identified with the julia roberts character ( wishful thinking , i know ! ) , but i do have better hair ! 
it is a pleasant change of pace from movies that take themselves seriously . 
i do n't see how you will be disappointed with this film . 
anyway , other than him , jet li also handled his " acting " pretty well in this film , with very little real dialogue to say , but enough to make us believe his character . 
we go to see jet li movies because we want to see jet li kicking a lot of ass from side to side , and this film delivers gangbusters on that front . 
the film also moves fast ( a mere 95 minutes ) , develops a certain " cute " chemistry between fonda and li , has nice surroundings 
and gives us one of the best bad guys that i 've seen all year . 
anyway , other than him , jet li also handled his " acting " pretty well in this film , with very little real dialogue to say , but enough to make us believe his character . 
, if what you 're looking for is kickass action , a palpable good cop / bad cop story line , some hardcore stunts and jet li slam - dunking everyone in sight ! 
" pure action movie poetry . 
fonda was also pretty good , despite playing one of the most trashy and abused women that i have seen in quite some time , but i still felt kinda bad for her 
all in all , a rippin ' , roarin ' fun time ! 
now here 's a movie that gives you exactly what you 're looking for 
critique : very cool ! 
but was i entertained ? thoroughly . 
as miranda , sally field is solid in a background role , and pierce brosnan is nicely understated as stu . 
daniel 's frantic attempt to fool a court officer is wonderful , as is the climactic restaurant sequence , even though i saw the resolutions coming a mile away . 
doubtfire seemed ready - made for the same problems , but instead it proves to be williams ' best comic screen project yet . 
the children are also good , although mara wilson is almost oppressively cute as the youngest . 
doubtfire manages to carve out its own space , particularly through the surprisingly honest moments involving a judge 's decision and the ultimate status of daniel and miranda 's relationship . 
there are plenty of laughs , and good comedies are always in short supply . 
doubtfire is nonetheless an engaging belly - laugh comedy served up with high energy . 
as miranda , sally field is solid in a background role , and pierce brosnan is nicely understated as stu . 
and it 's nice to see 
it may be one of the most convincing transformations ever committed to film , making dustin hoffman 's dorothy michaels look like milton berle . 
during the film , i was generally too busy laughing . 
doubtfire kicks into high gear once the wig and pads are in place . 
he thoroughly inhabits euphegenia doubtfire , and seems to relish the scenes in which he gets to play her as blunt and foul - mouthed . 
in a few broad strokes , weir creates a convincing second - reality , and he has the good sense not to bring christof into the picture until almost three - quarters through . 
this inspired movie is possibly the best - and most complex - summer picture in years . 
the surrealistic soap opera is completely plausible thanks to a tight screenplay and a sympathetic carrey - he really is an everyman here , abandoning his facial contortions in favour of a credible , wide - eyed bewilderment . 
in the truman show , weir essentially breathes life into the now - tired concept of media - manipulation by tackling the material from the inside - out . 
cinematically , the truman show is impeccable , stylishly photographed by peter biziou and littered with symbolic images . 
in a few broad strokes , weir creates a convincing second - reality , and he has the good sense not to bring christof into the picture until almost three - quarters through . 
' masterfully and beautifully . 
one thing i found interesting in summer of sam was the use of sex . 
in my opinion this kind of movie sex is cutting edge for 1999 , as rare and thought - provoking in american cinema as showing a spanking . 
in my opinion this kind of movie sex is cutting edge for 1999 , as rare and thought - provoking in american cinema as showing a spanking . 
in a very gutsy move 
there are all kinds of twists and turns as the characters wander around , including a fantastic scene in a chinese restaurant that will leave you trying to assemble something out of your moo goo gai pan for months afterwards . 
it all adds up to a supremely far out trip , and given the choice i think i would rather live in the matrix 's virtual world . 
there are all kinds of twists and turns as the characters wander around , including a fantastic scene in a chinese restaurant that will leave you trying to assemble something out of your moo goo gai pan for months afterwards . 
and that 's the true joy of this film , entering the vaguely nightmarish world in which existenz takes place . 
the script is based on both a book ( the long march to freedom ) and a magazine article pertaining to kidnap / ransom situations , and the story has been sharply pieced together by tony gilroy , screenwriter of the devil 's advocate and dolores claiborne . 
. a taut drama laced with strong and subtle acting , an intelligent script , and masterful directing , together it delivers something virtually unheard of in the film industry these days , genuine motivation in a story that rings true . consider the strange coincidence of russell crowe 's character in proof of life making the moves on a distraught wife played by meg ryan 's character in the film -- all while the real russell crowe was hitching up with married woman meg ryan in the outside world . 
creates a complex and intelligent character - driven vehicle filled with well - written dialogue , shades of motivation , and convincing acting by all the actors . 
. a taut drama laced with strong and subtle acting , an intelligent script , and masterful directing , together it delivers something virtually unheard of in the film industry these days , genuine motivation in a story that rings true . consider the strange coincidence of russell crowe 's character in proof of life making the moves on a distraught wife played by meg ryan 's character in the film -- all while the real russell crowe was hitching up with married woman meg ryan in the outside world . 
the bulk of those scenes , which bookend the movie , work extremely well as establishment and closure devices for all of the story 's characters . 
. a taut drama laced with strong and subtle acting , an intelligent script , and masterful directing , together it delivers something virtually unheard of in the film industry these days , genuine motivation in a story that rings true . consider the strange coincidence of russell crowe 's character in proof of life making the moves on a distraught wife played by meg ryan 's character in the film -- all while the real russell crowe was hitching up with married woman meg ryan in the outside world . 
i have n't seen this much chemistry between actors since mcqueen and mcgraw teamed up in peckinpah 's masterpiece , the getaway . 
proof of life , russell crowe 's one - two punch of a deft kidnap and rescue thriller , is one of those rare gems 
the scenes are skillfully crafted and executed with amazing accuracy and poise . 
. a taut drama laced with strong and subtle acting , an intelligent script , and masterful directing , together it delivers something virtually unheard of in the film industry these days , genuine motivation in a story that rings true . consider the strange coincidence of russell crowe 's character in proof of life making the moves on a distraught wife played by meg ryan 's character in the film -- all while the real russell crowe was hitching up with married woman meg ryan in the outside world . 
ryan cries a lot and smokes too many cigarettes , david morse ends up getting everyone at the guerilla camp to hate him , and crowe provides another memorable acting turn as the stoic , gunslinger character of terry thorne . 
dug out from b - movie hell , caruso pulls off a gutsy performance as crowe 's right hand gun while providing most of the film 's humor . 
he justly deserves after such crap as high fidelity , con air , and pushing tin . 
( director of the very unfunny town and country and the very funny funny bones ) and the use of time - lapse camera work to illustrate the passage of years -- the film comes off with genuine believability and sincerity . 
fortunately , first - time screenwriter marc klein has sketched strong , well - rounded , characters to propel a predictable and corny narrative . 
coupled with deft directing by michael chelsom 
both piven and molly shannon make nice sidekick characters on the flipside , films such as you 've got mail , made in heaven , and even high fidelity are the quiet inspirations for the film 's main journey at hand . 
what happens then is an enjoyable and often hilarious cat - and - mouse game with the fates - involving such items as mistaken identity , a graduate homage , john corbett as a freaky new age musician , and eugene levy as an irate and crazed salesman -- to find out if that " thing " was right after all . 
the magic and mystery of our fated encounter is also embodied in the quirkiness and freshness of the very funny and very romantic serendipity . 
early on , the two meet up with ben goodrich ( oliver platt ) , rebecca 's new boyfriend , and although the bond is n't immediate , ben and the two boys develop a liking for each other . both platt and judd give solid performances that lend their characters a deep likeability 
in the present , however , it 's an enjoyable little picture that everyone ought to take a look at . 
there 's no doubt about it : the film that johnson has crafted is rich . 
he makes the audience appreciate the lengths he went to direct such a fine feature . 
the audience cares about them as much as they do about joe and simon , a testament to the acting jobs of both . 
finally , jim carrey gives a cameo as the adult joe in the present day , and his few minutes here are relatively more impressive than his entire performance in the truman show . 
in simon birch , director mark steven johnson shows us just how to master the technique 
simon birch is a different look at a different life , and one that will most likely be studied in film school classes in decades to come 
mark steven johnson 's sense of drama and writing is fantastic 
reservoir dogs is good 
has hints of the tarantino brilliance that emerged in pulp fiction , but is a much less substantive , more conventional crime story than the big pf . 
a lot of the time , reservoir dogs seems like your typical gangster heist - gone - wrong movie , but there are a few sequences that are uniquely tarantino . 
broderick and sheedy are just fine as the young teenagers ( although her interest in david remains a mystery ) . 
if for no other reason , you should see this movie to enjoy how far the computer technology has gone since those days . 
frankenheimer masters the script with poise , and tells us a dark but stoically realistic tale of a group of post - cold war mercenaries working to earn their paycheck . 
the action content is impressive , and it lives up to the hints given in previews . 
considering these factors it 's good to see that ronin was a project that turned out well , and it 's another good bet this month . 
a certain number of people will be lost by this , but afficianados will appreciate it all the more and return multiple times . 
he takes command and offers much gravity as the ex - spy sam , a man who 's called to france to help a shady operations controller named dierdre ( natascha mcelhone ) recover a package . 
, approaches levels of complexity 
the depth of intrigue in ronin is quite amazing , considering the fare that 's fallen into the same category over the last few years . 
robert de niro headlines this cast of noteworthies in a performance that is the most outstanding of his in quite some time . 
considering these factors it 's good to see that ronin was a project that turned out well , and it 's another good bet this month . 
since quality is usually sparse during the early fall months , it 's definitely worth the visit . 
his ability to convey feeling and character while promoting explosiveness and tense atmosphere works well here , and ronin becomes a better movie because of it . 
jay and silent bob strike back has more and better used cameos than just about any movie that i 've ever seen . 
( actually , purchasing tickets to this film is extremely smart given that it delivers more laughter per dollar than anything in recent memory . ) 
the audience did n't just laugh ; they went wild with boisterous laughter and heavy applause throughout . 
" best of all are ben affleck and matt damon who mock themselves and their movies . 
in short , if you like really raunchy humor , you may find it , as i did , to be the funniest movie of the year . 
( on the other hand , if you are one of those who walked out in disgust with smith 's dogma , then jay and silent bob strike back is not the movie for you . ) in one of the fastest paced movies of the year 
jay and silent bob strike back , kevin smith 's swan song to his two most famous characters , is the best received comedy that i 've seen since there 's something about mary , which is a tea party in comparison to the foul - mouthed humor in jay and silent bob strike back . 
and , as i said earlier , it 's the funniest movie of the year thus far . 
it 's bound to be the funniest movie of the year 
his reaction shots , with his wildly exaggerated eye movements , are comedic gems . 
granted , it 's not the movie for everyone , but , if you like kevin smith 's brand of humor , you 'll find that this is his best . 
had it not been for the advertising of this film , which reveals far too much about its contents , i would have been glued to ` under the sand ' . as it is , the film retains some value , thanks to an excellent performance by charlotte rampling , and a more mature francois ozon in the director 's chair . 
the other actors , particularly jacques nolot , are excellent too . 
while it 's hard to recommend as entertainment , it 's a fine adult alternative about how we deal with loss . 
likely to cause some discussion afterwards , ` under the sand ' is a fine movie going experience . 
rampling is so expressive in her portrayal of marie , you connect with her character instantly , despite that she 's delusional . 
had it not been for the advertising of this film , which reveals far too much about its contents , i would have been glued to ` under the sand ' . as it is , the film retains some value , thanks to an excellent performance by charlotte rampling , and a more mature francois ozon in the director 's chair . 
the scenes where she interacts with her husband , who she still believes is alive , are heartbreaking . 
this is mostly thanks to the excellent camera work 
at least it 's entertaining , and the concept is excellently realized . 
( " i 'm michael jackson , you tito . " ) , and chan delivers a few zingers of his own , as well as some terrific fight scenes . 
but , at last , someone has a different take on the matter , 
what makes rush hour work so damn well is the chemistry between the energetic chan and the absolutely hilarious tucker . 
and the finale 's a real treat 
what makes rush hour work so damn well is the chemistry between the energetic chan and the absolutely hilarious tucker . 
a particular fight scene in a chinese office , where chan and tucker duke it out with the bad guys , is funny and energetic at the same time . 
chan delivers yet another fantastic stunt for the fans with a 10-story drop . 
rush hour is just the sort of film you 'll get a kick out of on any night of the week . 
the ship is painstakingly created exactly true to form , as we see actual pictures of the modern - day wreckage , transformed into the movie depiction . 
the effects are tremendous . 
this film will certainly win on effects , costume , set design and sound . 
5 hours runs very fast and well - paced 
my friend commented it was the best sound mix he has ever heard 
she is a pleasure to see on screen . 
we saw titanic in dolby digital surround , and by far , it is the best sounding movie i have ever seen . 
from the roars of gears and pumps in the engine room , to a doomed ship cracking at the seams , this is an effects picture that looks and sounds like no other . 
it is a film worth seeing . 
it boasts the most amazing effects that i have ever seen done to date . 
to see a ship fall apart , with actual people running across the ship , flying across the deck , and falling to the water , is just amazing to look at . 
it really is an exceptionaly well - made film . 
cameron has certainly made his best film to date . 
no doubt , titanic is the most elaborate disaster movie ever made . 
this sunday afternoon i had the priviledge of attending a private screening at the sony astor cinema in new york city , of james cameron 's most heralded film , titanic . 
the costumes and sets are incredible , and true to the time period . 
the effects are so stunningly realistic , you would swear you were looking at actual footage . 
although i was only 4 years old when the " twenty one " scandal broke , enough of the 50s icons survived throughout my childhood for me to recognize the authenticity of redford 's almost tangible palette . 
" quiz show gives signs of hope that the art of writing is n't dead in hollywood and that we need not only look to independent films for thoughtful content . 
a ' 58 chrysler , a radio announcement of sputnik ) but is never heavy handed . deft direction by robert redford and keen performances by ralph fiennes , john turturro and rob morrow 
paul attanasio 's script takes what could have been a tepid thriller ( the quiz show scandals of the late 50s ) and delivers a telling parable about the emptiness of the post war american dream and the golden bubble that surrounds and protects tv networks and their sponsors . 
perfectly captures the colors and textures of the eisenhower years . 
" quiz show gives signs of hope that the art of writing is n't dead in hollywood and that we need not only look to independent films for thoughtful content . 
dovetail perfectly with the carefully honed script . 
what makes the film a completely different experience is how director boyle uses every tool at his disposal to make the filmic medium synchronous with the message . 
like the marginal , motley bunch of post - apocalyptic youths director danny boyle tries to depict , trainspotting veers on the edge of utter mayhem but ultimately retains its footing and control . the result : a movie that is a delightful example of how the medium is the message . 
the aural landscape is as engaging as the visual energy permeating 
trainspotting is that shooting star that burns across a sky littered with static constellations . 
tiptoeing that indistinguishable line between fantasy and reality , boyle employs a healthy dose of surrealism to get the message across . 
every once in a while , a film comes along with the kind of energetic filmmaking that matches the intensity of its characters it hopes to depict . 
like the marginal , motley bunch of post - apocalyptic youths director danny boyle tries to depict , trainspotting veers on the edge of utter mayhem but ultimately retains its footing and control . the result : a movie that is a delightful example of how the medium is the message . 
just how fun or pants - wetting scary the alternate state of consciouness can be . 
this film oozes energy , the kind of breakneck , 
holds - barred , in - your - face risk - taking filmmaking that is seldom seen on screen these days . 
the biggest success of " amistad " is probably the characterization of cinque ( djimon hounsou ) , who emerges as the de facto leader of the kidnapped africans and struggles to communicate with baldwin ( matthew mcconaughey ) , the lawyer who represents them in court . 
i recommend it to anyone who can handle the disturbing imagery . 
almost every individual scene works , but the final product is lacking the necessary focus and coherence , and thus is less than the sum of its parts . 
however , i ca n't honestly say how it could have been done differently , and in any case the story comes through with enough raw emotional power that it is still a very good film , and thus 
however , i ca n't honestly say how it could have been done differently , and in any case the story comes through with enough raw emotional power that it is still a very good film , and thus 
fortunately , i turned out to be wrong . 
the first thirty minutes or so of bad boy bubby , which bring us to this point , are quite brilliant . 
it 's a strange turn of events , but by now we should n't be surprised , because bad boy bubby ai n't like other movies . 
he is the premise for bad boy bubby , a defiantly original australian movie about a man called bubby ( nicholas hope ) who has spent his entire life in an awful little apartment , etc . , etc . 
although there is a narrated set - up that adds some extra resonance to the proceedings ( about the view the japanese culture has about ballroom dancing ) , the movie is so rich in character and appeal that this added layer is n't at all necessary to understand or enjoy the film . 
just a warm , funny , endearing film that will charm the pants off of you . 
it 's difficult to explain the charms of the film without revealing too much - the movie abounds with little revelations that subtly shape the characters , and in the end , each one is that much fuller and more understood by the time you leave the theater . 
it 's a pleasure to watch such a wonderful film that is propelled almost solely by the characters and performances . 
- this is a funny , enchanting , and goofy movie full of laughs , surprises , and wonderful dance sequences . 
i consider contact as one of the must - sees for this year . 
the meeting of their worlds , added with the situation which they are put into makes the entire storytelling process near flawless . 
zemeckis and his team of screen writers have done a remarkable job in telling this tale through film . 
contact works by not delving in controversy but rather , touches the thinking audience , urging them to ponder upon the questions raised in the film concerning fact and faith ; whether one can actually find compromise within . 
once again proves his mastery in fusing tales of adventure with along the endearing lines of human spirit . 
at a running time of slightly under an hour and a half , mulan moves quickly and provides solid entertainment for both children and , happily , adults . 
i 'm not sure if they will get much airplay , but at least one of the songs will no doubt receive recognition come oscar time . 
in addition to the actors already mentioned , the cast includes such ubiquitous talents as james hong , gedde watanabe , james shigeta , and george takei . 
are more than competent , although salonga 's voice translates much better to animation . 
as is the case with most disney musicals , the songs are first rate and pervasive throughout the film . 
in any event , wong performs admirably as well . 
there are also a couple of visually standout scenes , one involving the charge of shan - yu 's hun army , which utilizes the same computer - enhanced imagery disney animators have employed since the chandelier in beauty and the beast . 
in an effort to be culturally sensitive ( and to avoid a " miss saigon " -type debacle ) , disney has also wisely chosen to employ many asian - american actors for both lead and supporting roles . 
although an obvious attempt to relive the chemistry brought forth by robin williams in aladdin , murphy nevertheless distinguishes himself with his own winning performance . 
" that was really cool . " a wonderful range of performances delight the audience 
luckily , disney 's latest animated offering , mulan , manages to be engaging and refreshing , even while rife with formula . 
it makes the most of a talented but not particularly well - known cast -- goran visnjic plays alek with a suave likeability , jonathan tucker shines as the conflicted beau , peter donat is amusing as grandfather hall , and josh lucas has an equally small but effective role as the hapless darby reese . 
the film is also lovingly photographed by giles nuttgens and features an evocative score , courtesy peter nashel . 
( " caravaggio , " " edward ii , " " the last of england " ) , plays margaret hall in " the deep end " and , like charlotte rampling in this year 's " under the sand , " turns in a commanding and accomplished performance . 
the end is deep all right , and there is n't a single shallow moment in tilda swinton 's canon . 
based on elisabeth sanxay holding 's novel " the blank wall , " " the deep end " is a well - crafted thriller written and directed by scott mcgehee and david siegel ( " suture " ) . 
it was mostly entertaining throughout it 's run , and had a very good ending , although i think i was the only person in the theater not amazed by it . 
it 's not bad 
it was mostly entertaining throughout it 's run , and had a very good ending , although i think i was the only person in the theater not amazed by it . 
it 's pretty good in it 's own right , yes , but i would probably split the " best movie " honors among face / off , spawn , con air , and maybe event horizon . 
the special effects are good 
my diagnosis for this picture : a good weekend rental , but not worth a movie ticket . 
a wildly imaginative , original , explosive 7 . and perhaps , as they 're laughing , kids will learn where to find their uvula , along with nuggets about nutrition and hygiene . 
this hip , live action / animation story begins as a monkey snatches a hard - boiled egg from frank , a zookeeper ( bill murray ) , who grabs it back , drops it , then gobbles up the contaminated morsel , explaining , " if it hits and ground and you pick it up within 10 seconds , you can eat it . 
peter and bobby farrelly , along with writer mark hyman and animation directors piet kroon and tom sito , have turned their penchant for gross - out comedy , encompassing flatulence , festering sores and " popping a pimple without a permit , " into a funny , farrelly - funny family film . on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " osmosis jones " is 
walsh , as the possibly evil truck driver , is terrific ; he is one of the best of the fine batch of character actors 
hollywood does n't seem to know what to do with , but director jonathan mostow is on the right track here . 
walsh , as the possibly evil truck driver , is terrific ; he is one of the best of the fine batch of character actors 
breakdown is what hollywood does n't make enough of , a great thriller with believable characters and scenes that do , indeed , have viewers on the edge of their seats . 
he makes such a great villain is that he actually looks like a real person , one anyone would be able to trust , which makes the plot that much more believable . 
russell gives a fine performance , as do most of the cast , one that is not upstaged by the action orchestrated in the second half of the film . 
russell , as mentioned earlier , is very good in his role , and kathleen quinlan is nowhere near as annoying as she was in apollo 13 . 
breakdown , then , is something of a surprise . 
one of the most genuinely exciting films i 've seen in a long time . 
he makes such a great villain is that he actually looks like a real person , one anyone would be able to trust , which makes the plot that much more believable . 
breakdown is what hollywood does n't make enough of , a great thriller with believable characters and scenes that do , indeed , have viewers on the edge of their seats . 
with a seemingly endless conclusion , aliens ends with one of the greatest moments in film history . 
horner has created a terrific score , receiving an oscar nomination for his work . 
aliens pumps up the stakes , and cameron directs it with professional quality . cameron certainly knows how to make a good action film , but here he proves how he can create some truly horrific moments on screen . 
surprisingly , the acting is not only above average for this genre , but some of the best . sigourney weaver received an oscar nomination for her portrayal of ripley , incorporating the right amount of sympathy into her hard - edged persona . 
a very good cast ( which also includes bill paxton and william hope ) highlights this action film , making it stand out from others . 
michael biehn gives a very nice performance in the most obligatory role of the film . 
aside from this , you probably wo n't experience anything like aliens for quite a while . 
aliens is sort of the redefining moment of the science fiction genre , as alien was more of a suspense / horror film . 
he is the best action director 
the production design is incredible , which also happened to snag a nomination from the academy . 
not only multiplies the thrills and suspense from scott 's version , it also multiplies the number of aliens in general . 
a film like aliens comes along only once in a while 
with perhaps one of the most astonishing endings ever created for an action film , aliens climax never seems to hit until the viewer is nearly pushed to extreme exhaustion . 
aliens pumps up the stakes , and cameron directs it with professional quality . cameron certainly knows how to make a good action film , but here he proves how he can create some truly horrific moments on screen . 
paul reiser may seem like an odd choice to play the sleazy corporate director , but reiser manages to pull it off quite well 
what results is one of the most terrifying films ever created . 
the special effects are wonderfully seamless , with a terrifying alien to go with them . 
soars above the rest in this film , but she is supposed to . 
handing over the director 's chair to recent box office gem james cameron , who had only made two films previous to this one ( pirahna ii , a surprisingly dull film , and terminator , making cameron a household name ) , the alien series got a face - lift of immense proportions . 
i never saw this movie in theaters , but i wish i could have . 
a very good cast ( which also includes bill paxton and william hope ) highlights this action film , making it stand out from others . 
aliens focuses on an entire race of these aliens , and as a result , the chills are incredibly heightened . 
aliens is completely realistic , even a decade after its initial release . 
some of the best . sigourney weaver received an oscar nomination for her portrayal of ripley , incorporating the right amount of sympathy into her hard - edged persona . 
in fact , aliens is one of those few sequels which tops the original . 
aliens pumps up the stakes , and cameron directs it with professional quality . cameron certainly knows how to make a good action film , but here he proves how he can create some truly horrific moments on screen . 
not only that , horner has also created one of the best scores for any action film , or science fiction film ever 
sigourney weaver is possibly the only actress who could play this character and make her realistic enough for us to care about . 
i ca n't recall another film ever to sustain this level of intensity throughout , never dropping for a moment . 
lance henriksen is terrific as bishop , showing that androids do n't always have to be flat characters . 
this scene is usually the one remembered most from the film , as lieutenant ripley steps into one of the lifting machines to fight the alien queen . using flawless special effects , the climax is exhausting , leaving any audience member drained from extreme anxiety . 
technically astonishing , aliens ' 
the good news is that this movie has a happy ending , and it features a guy trying to do the right thing . 
the end result is an entertaining low key law movie where the good guys win , and rudy narrates his way into coming of age . 
i liked bogart 's character and his acting 
the movie is very well done and the script top - notch , although i doubt i understood more than half of the political mumbo jumbo . 
surprisingly , i enjoyed the film . 
casablanca is , in my mind , no classic ( like solaris ) , but it is a good film and stylishly shot 
but , casablanca stood out from the rest for me : it was actually watchable . 
some of best gags include an oriental film maker down on his luck and one of mel 's hitmen pals that has just discovered onanism . 
definately one of the better ways to spend two hours . 
one helluva bullet - riddled good time . 
luckily , we have ben ramsey 's screenplay , a bitingly funny piece of work . 
wong , after numerous hong kong features , makes quite a nice u . s . debut 
overall , the big hit may have it 's flaws , but it makes up for them in a stylishly directed , gut - wrenchingly funny joyride . 
the action , at least what there is of it , is prime cut stuff . 
they start off electrifying and fresh , but just kinda stop . 
fiennes may be the most exciting female presence behind a camera since jane campion . 
an mtv background ( she cut her teeth directing rock videos for xtc and others ) has positively influenced her sense of pace ( though , thankfully , not her shot lengths - no spasmodic cutting here ) ; at just over 100 minutes , _ onegin _ clicks along like a brisk walk through valleys of despair . 
has a clear command of cinema , and her spare , often painfully human visual presentation of " yevgeny onegin " is arguably the most lucid translation of pushkin 's difficult text yet . 
martha fiennes ' debut feature is ( quite literally ) filmed poetry 
has a clear command of cinema , and her spare , often painfully human visual presentation of " yevgeny onegin " is arguably the most lucid translation of pushkin 's difficult text yet . 
tyler acquits herself surprisingly well among her uk co - stars , filling in sketchy gaps by expressing base sentiments in a series of wanton stares . 
( it 's based on an epic russian poem by alexander pushkin ) , a profound study of regret , of how we confuse shame with guilt . 
what is admirable about the movie is peter fonda 's winning turn as ulee and the story that feels like nobody 's fool but , in the end , ends up in a class of its own . 
what is admirable about the movie is peter fonda 's winning turn as ulee and the story that feels like nobody 's fool but , in the end , ends up in a class of its own . 
what is admirable about the movie is peter fonda 's winning turn as ulee and the story that feels like nobody 's fool but , in the end , ends up in a class of its own . 
of course , in the end , ulee softens up , but his journey is absorbing and we have fallen in love with his tiredness and weariness . 
ez is probably independent film 's greatest asset , along with john sayles , and he proves his talent with a slow pace and undulating , heavy tension . 
just like his father , peter fonda is quiet , emotional , and weary in this exceptional role . 
ez is probably independent film 's greatest asset , along with john sayles , and he proves his talent with a slow pace and undulating , heavy tension . 
and rob sweeney 's photography of glacier national park is spectacular ! 
sure , the plot 's implausible but it 's a good - natured fantasy 
this fable about home and family is a major debut for first - time film - maker thomas bezucha ( a former designer for coach and polo / ralph lauren ) who is meticulous about minding details , using ballads like " welcome to my world " and " achin ' , breakin ' heart " to set up the concept of our universal longing to find a place in which we can love and be loved . 
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " big eden " is a charming , quirky , off - beat 
this fable about home and family is a major debut for first - time film - maker thomas bezucha ( a former designer for coach and polo / ralph lauren ) who is meticulous about minding details , using ballads like " welcome to my world " and " achin ' , breakin ' heart " to set up the concept of our universal longing to find a place in which we can love and be loved . 
it 's a heart - warming romantic comedy about a gay man who does n't die of aids or wind up alone at the end . 
do n't let that dissuade you from seeing this fantastically entertaining film however . 
with all three , he 's managed to attach himself to great scripts ( this one by toby emmerich , whose only previous movie experience was as a music supervisor on numerous new line films ) and add equally great direction . 
well , whoever put that trailer together should be fired , because in terms of pure entertainment , frequency is one of the best of the year thus far . 
a compelling story line . 
it 's touching , it 's sincere , and it 's what ultimately makes this movie work . 
frequency is no exception , the ending is unpredictable and incredibly satisfying . 
with all three , he 's managed to attach himself to great scripts ( this one by toby emmerich , whose only previous movie experience was as a music supervisor on numerous new line films ) and add equally great direction . 
also , he apparently likes to have his films wrap up with a kick - ass ending . 
joe viterelli is hilarious as jelly , vitti 's pea brained right - hand man , and chazz palminteri is a show stopper playing a fellow mobster who 's in desperate need of the definition of ` closure ' . 
ramis has a knack for drawing laughs because he simply knows what 's funny , and here he manages to accentuate the strengths of nearly all the actors . 
the supporting cast sparkles . 
the situation is just too cute to resist . 
and near the end , seeing billy crystal attempt to walk and talk like a mob boss is truly a special treat . 
joe viterelli is hilarious as jelly , vitti 's pea brained right - hand man , and chazz palminteri is a show stopper playing a fellow mobster who 's in desperate need of the definition of ` closure ' . 
the movie manages to maintain consistent chuckles throughout , putting the emphasis on 3 or 4 really big laughs that will have audiences grasping their sides . 
the caveman 's valentine _ is an unremittingly gorgeous film . 
_ the caveman 's valentine _ is a fine and a courageous film , crazy enough to suggest that the delirious yammering of an idiot savant is the best and truest paladin of order in the chaos of eliot 's rat 's alley wasteland . 
every moment an exhausting workshop of ideas , and every character the same , 
( _ death in venice , ca _ ) , while inhabiting robin standefer 's ( _ practical magic _ ) mesmerizing sets , 
kasi lemmons , following up her brilliant 1997 debut , _ eve 's bayou _ , which played on similar themes of manufactured realities and mysticism , fulfills much of her immense promise with a tale of seraphs and lost boys , artists and suffering . 
night shyamalan 's _ unbreakable _ , is a mature cinematic extrapolation of the graphic novel format which has , since miller 's seminal " the dark knight returns " , redefined the comic medium as one suitable for mature ruminations on psychologically sticky topics . 
clearly not for every taste , when approached with the correct paradigm , it is one of the most stunning and intensely fascinating films of the year : a redefinition of the hero archetype for a post - modern audience with urine - stained wool trench coats in place of blue tights and red capes . 
_ the caveman 's valentine _ is an elegant and piquant expression of hope for justice in a tilted landscape . 
best bit : baby crawling across a busy city street . 
expand the final fifteen minutes of home alone into a feature - length film and you 've got baby 's day out -- an agreeably amusing children 's comedy about a bumbling band of kid kidnappers who are unwittingly outwitted by an innocent infant . 
, john hughes again demonstrates his mastery of the simple set - up and extended execution . 
* he * is funny . 
are adorable beyond belief . 
brian haley has a great scene with a gorilla , while joe pantolianto plays curly to mantegna 's moe . 
here , he 's aided and abetted by a director , patrick read johnson , whose choreography could rival 
this shot is unique because it is a point - of - view shot where the audience , not a character in the film is the subject . 
through the baseness of human character exemplified in the formation of a mob , fritz lang prompts the viewer to consider whether our inclination towards impulsiveness supersedes our civility . expressing his abhorrence towards the rise of nazism in his homeland , lang takes great care in creating a sense of discomfort during the scenes of mob hysteria . 
the apes , courtesy of make - up magician rick baker , are dazzling and ape city is a wonder to behold . 
tim burton movies have great art direction and thin , clunky stories . 
like astronaut leo davidson ( wahlberg ) , the film hits the ground running , whisking viewers through a head - spinning series of solid one - liners and engaging vignettes and establishing a sense of thrust that carries us through the more traditional fight scenes that come later . 
the 2001 " planet of the apes " offers a different set of great scenes , much cooler looking monkeys , fine acting from wahlberg , bonham carter , paul giamatti and tim roth , and a not so good ending . 
he does n't want to lead humanity and he is n't looking for romance from a pretty , but dull human ( estella warren ) or a dynamic ape ( helena bonham carter , terrific 
the surprise ending provides the requisite shock ( and some more dandy visuals , particularly of the approaching authority figures ) , but admittedly is n't nearly as satisfying as the one in the original . 
burton 's re - imagining of the 1968 story of an astronaut that lands on a planet where apes rule men looks great . 
the acting on everyone 's part is great , especially that of sir alec guinness 's . 
even though the concept is not realistic at all , it is pulled off very nicely . 
the creatures and droids that we see throughout the film are one of a kind . 
with this , star wars is bound to become the greatest tale told in our time . 
the ending works very well , and left it very open to the sequels that came afterward . 
star wars is an amazing epic . the plot is so original and amazing , i can not believe it . the special effects , especially for its time , are wonderful and realistic . the space scenes in particular are the most fun to watch . the ships flown by all are very unique and creative . the costumes are also out of this world . the scenery is so different from anything i have ever seen before 
the film set a new standard for special effects in film . not only did it set a standard for the special effects , it set a standard for film itself . the plot is one of the most creative i heard ever . 
luke continues his training as a pilot and to become a jedi , ben kenobi confronts darth vader , and many other interesting events occur 
the film star wars was released , with extraordinary , never seen before techniques of special effects . 
there are a variety of different very memorable set pieces that will stay with me forever . 
the entire premise of star wars is amazing . 
screenwriter andy breckman adds a nice touch by not having the racers try to sabotage one another . 
the film is directed by jerry zucker , who knows something about comedy 
this is a fun little feature . 
cleese is wonderfully devilish and madcap ; lovitz is , at first , a bit whiny , but his character grows on you ; gooding is having a fine romp ; and dave thomas almost steals the show as cleese 's deadpan assistant , a man " born without a personality . 
rat race 's cast is first rate . 
rat race is a summer sleeper , but it will keep you awake , as will the laughter of those watching around you . 
and while the film fits neatly into the low - brow , slapstick school of comedy , one refreshing aspect is its lack of mean - spiritedness . 
cleese is wonderfully devilish and madcap ; lovitz is , at first , a bit whiny , but his character grows on you ; gooding is having a fine romp ; and dave thomas almost steals the show as cleese 's deadpan assistant , a man " born without a personality . 
cleese is wonderfully devilish and madcap ; lovitz is , at first , a bit whiny , but his character grows on you ; gooding is having a fine romp ; and dave thomas almost steals the show as cleese 's deadpan assistant , a man " born without a personality . 
various amusing encounters and mishaps befall the participants en route to silver city . 
will have you bouncing in your theater seat . 
the pear family situation is a fine example of the way breckman 's script builds the laughs . 
if you want some hearty laughs , then rat race is the movie for you . 
the most side - splitting situations involve vera and merrill 's encounter with the squirrel lady , a nice nutsy cameo by kathy bates ; owen 's commandeering a charter bus full of lucille ball look - alikes on their way to a lucy convention ; the cody brothers misadventures with a hot - air balloon , a flying cow and a monster truck ; and the pear family 's stopover at a barbie museum , which turns out not to be what they think it is . 
a throwaway subplot , which is good for some laughs , features cleese and his buddies , betting on a series of outlandish situations , including one dealing with a hooker and pepto - bismol . 
the actors remain true to their characters and play them well , without overplaying the jokes . 
humor - wise , the film has a good number of jokes which maintained my interest throughout the film . 
overall , i 'd say that the film is an entertaining and humorous adventure with some story - line deficiencies making it less worthy than the original . 
there are memorable moments 
the movie is paced well 
the movie is a good basic adventure , with enough plot twists to provide for an ending that is difficult to predict . 
the cinematography was beautifully done , especially the outdoor scenes in the desert . 
and i applaud the filmmakers for not copping out and instead keeping the entire sequence in german with english subtitles . 
the first great thing about u-571 is the film 's opening sequence . 
gladly joining that bunch 
it 's tense , exciting and fascinating . 
it succeeds fantastically . 
the stakes keep raising ( much like in executive decision , an excellent action - thriller ) , and even though the audience knows how the film will end , it 's a lot of fun getting there . 
his ultimately uplifting story is a magic piece of theatre craft . 
i particularly like the use of slow motion and sound effects . 
the lead role is played by 3 different actors , with the teenage - david ( taylor ) and adult - david ( rush ) standing out 
and it works very well . 
technically this is a beautiful film and a lot of thought has gone in to the production . 
the sound of the windshield wipers fades up over his voice . with a clever subtlety , the wiper sound appears to morph into a rhythmic thumping , but of the same beat . 
his david , whilst clearly damaged - he keeps quoting his " daddy " in a babbling word torrent , cuddles strangers and grabs women on the breasts - is both touching and funny . 
the ' miming ' of the actors piano playing is faultless 
for this i thank them and for steve spielberg for making a movie that i will never forget . 
another well deserved oscar 
steve spielberg goes beyond reality with his latest production . 
private ryan is not for everyone , but i felt the time was right for a movie like this to be made . 
the academy will not forget tom hanks come april 1999 , as 
tom hanks is stunning 
they did an incredible job and come oscar time ( if they remember ) some notice better be thrown there way . 
i enjoyed ' volcano ' much more than i did ' dantes peak ' . 
the special effects are the second star to this feature . 
i get bored easily and this film did n't bore me for a minute . 
they are so amazing that i found it hard sometimes to believe they were indeed fx and la was was not burning to the ground . 
i usually enjoy anything that tommy lee jones appears in . 
grier is solid in the film 's title role , although nothing here forces her to test her range . 
these staples of his work are all present in jackie brown , but what 's new here is a different facet of his storytelling -- a willingness to imbue the film with a poignant emotional undercurrent , and a patience to draw out several scenes with great deliberation . 
of course , nothing in the film screams 1970s more than the casting of pam grier and robert forster as the two leads , and although the caper intrigue is fun to watch as the plot twists , backstabbing , and deceptions deliciously unfold , the strength of jackie brown is the quiet , understated relationship developed between jackie and max ; when they kiss , it 's perhaps the most tender scene of the year . 
tarantino as simply a helmer of slick , hip crime dramas with fast - talking lowlifes , and heralds him as a bonafide multifaceted talent ; he 's the real deal . 
tarantino 's films are typified by manic energy , unexpected outbursts of violence , and clever , often wordy , banter . 
, there 's no mistaking his distinctive fingerprints all over this film . 
and while the film 's narrative does n't really warrant a running time of 155 minutes , it 's filled with such sumptuous riches , ranging from the brashness of the vivid soundtrack to entertaining , inconsequential conversations between the characters , that there was n't an unengaging moment . 
and while the film 's narrative does n't really warrant a running time of 155 minutes , it 's filled with such sumptuous riches , ranging from the brashness of the vivid soundtrack to entertaining , inconsequential conversations between the characters , that there was n't an unengaging moment . 
tarantino as a director whose horizons are rapidly expanding , and whose characterizations have never been better . 
this effective demonstration of range prohibits the pigeonholing of mr . 
forster 's nuanced , understated performance is the best in the film ; he creates an amiable character of such poignancy that when he gazes at jackie , we smile along with him . 
and while the film 's narrative does n't really warrant a running time of 155 minutes , it 's filled with such sumptuous riches , ranging from the brashness of the vivid soundtrack to entertaining , inconsequential conversations between the characters , that there was n't an unengaging moment . 
while jackie brown may disappoint those looking for another pulp fiction clone , it marks tremendous growth of mr . 
tarantino 's new feature film , jackie brown , one of the most anticipated films of the year , and his third feature film cements his reputation as the single most important new american filmmaker to emerge from the 1990s . 
mckellar is largely successful in his attempt to rise above his material . 
mckellar has crafted a gang of the some of the most interesting characters i 've seen in a film in months . 
mckellar gives a brilliant performance , and i hope he alternates between directing and acting . 
i had no idea he could act as well . 
i appreciate the fact that mckellar did n't want the material to rule the film , and that he wanted the movie to be more of a study in human behavious . 
rennie is good , too , as the man who wants to literally try everything before he dies . 
despite these small problems , " last night " is one of the best movies of the year . as opposed to the moronic " armageddon " , " last night " treats the subject at hand with maturity and believabilty . and bruce willis never shows up to save the day . 
these people all felt real to me , especially the character played by sandra 
despite these small problems , " last night " is one of the best movies of the year . as opposed to the moronic " armageddon " , " last night " treats the subject at hand with maturity and believabilty . and bruce willis never shows up to save the day . 
meanwhile , each character gets the spotlight to be completely idisyncratic and interesting , something " antz " could n't do , and by the end , over the end credits , " a bug 's life " pulls it 's final punch , out clever - ing " antz " with a series of incessantly hilarious faux - bloopers that come just at the right time , when those who leave immeadiately after the final frame of a film have left , and you can brag that you were one of the elite who stayed and got the full money 's worth of entertainment . 
the lead character , flik ( voiced by dave foley ) , is nothing more than a slightly - less neurotic z from " antz , " but foley makes him nearly as engaging as allen 
and for the romantic lead , we do n't get spacey sharon stone , but intelligent and hard - to - get julia - louis dreyfuss , who does n't even come around until the very final frames . 
the characters are also nicely realized - though watered - down for broad consumption , they still carry more wit 
the characters are also nicely realized - though watered - down for broad consumption , they still carry more wit 
around this , the pixar animators stage several large set pieces , like a resuce mission halfway through that is as wild and entertaining as anything this year , and a wonderfully exciting action piece at the end , a chase scene at night through the labyrinthine branches of a small thicket . 
the visuals are , instead of earth tones , bright worldly colors , and still gives the amazing visual technology of " antz " at least a worthy contender . 
the writers lightly touch on each bug 's place in bug society and the malleability thereof while making a wisecracks at everything they can , and blowing the audience away with wild visual treats . 
it broadens its horizons , and when it really moves from the ant colony , it really shows us a whole new world we 've never seen before , and 
" are still amazing films , and prove without doubt , that if you 're gon na make a computer animated film , send it to the guys who created these three flicks , evne if they 're not working under the same roof . 
" a bug 's life " has a similar premise , and it also has disney to insure that it 's g - rated and not totally over kids ' heads like " antz " was ( not a bad thing , believe me ) , but what it also has is a tone that 's completely innocent even when it 's also remaining perpetually clever . 
osment gives the best performance i 've ever seen from a child actor . 
although willis gets top billing , cole is really the protagonist of the story , and osment truly brings the complex kid to life . if only willis ' work were as impressive . 
night shyamalan has a light , poetic touch that goes to the heart of the viewer without seeming sappy or trite . 
it turned out to be one of the most satisfying movie experiences of the year . 
that really got to me 
osment should get an oscar nomination , and you should go see this movie . 
he 's also a skillful storyteller , as the movie 's ending demonstrates . 
but this one is a near flawless example of how well a perfect script and timing can mesh with first - rate acting , wit and suspense , glorious music , and terrific set peices . 
the film itself is almost a reversal of the life of george bailey -- there is n't too much to it , but capra and the gang ( various screenwriters , composers , actors ) plumet the material to its fullest potential . 
frank capra 's film is a centenial classic -- watched and re - experienced by every generation . 
this crackling good mixture results in a film which is at once funny , exciting , moving and uplifting . 
here is one genuine masterpeice , a classic that reaches heights and ambitions near perfection . 
the result is a film -- though not at first intended to be pigeon - holed as a holiday film -- that will always be remembered , celebrated , and loved . 
it can be equally appreciated by anyone of any age . 
wonderful life is one of the few pictures of times gone by that seems as fresh , maybe fresher , then it did when it was first released . 
this crackling good mixture results in a film which is at once funny , exciting , moving and uplifting . 
nevertheless , this is one film that deserves its place in time , cinema history , and our hearts . 
lovely as ever except when sporting a blond wig , gives suzie a vengeful vulnerability that makes her the most interesting member of the conspiring trio . 
despite a smattering of needless scenes ( most of them sexual in nature ) , there 's wicked fun to be had here . 
a great deal of amusement also comes from watching bill murray in a supporting part that appears to have been written for his sly comedic talent ; 
but what we 're given works well enough . 
plays like something you 'd find late - night on the usa network , only infinitely more palatable and with a solid ensemble cast . 
" wild things " has more twists than a crate full of corkscrews , and most are so gleefully , over - the - top nasty that you ca n't help but be charmed by their absurd showmanship . 
and do n't leave when the closing credits hit the screen , or you 'll miss the film 's best part -- four bonus flashbacks that smooth over plot holes while offering a few more tiny turns , plus a final scene that caps everything off with a great stunner of a bombshell . 
his sleepy - voiced sex appeal , and pulls off personality changes with chameleonic precision . 
throwaway junk is an engaging chain of surprises 
speaking of bombshells , denise richards , who plays almost every scene in a blue bikini top , does the teen tease thing with a malicious allure that she was never allowed to flaunt in " starship troopers . 
" wild things " is highly entertaining and , indeed , very wild . 
a great deal of amusement also comes from watching bill murray in a supporting part that appears to have been written for his sly comedic talent ; 
, in his minor time on screen , is great , and adams remains a joy to watch . 
i mean , it fits the movie 's tone and everything , and sandler handles it well 
, in his minor time on screen , is great , and adams remains a joy to watch . 
it still makes you feel good . 
fortunately , it does n't destroy the goofy glee path it 's been following and 
sandler does a good job here , as he does in most of his movies . 
he 's a hoot . 
directed by dennis dugan ( director of happy gilmore ) , the movie remains a good couple of hours to pass the time with . 
" one memorable ride . 
they 're all quite engaging . 
six days , seven nights " is a summer movie that gets the summer movie experience deliciously right , a commendable achievement considering the season thus far has been littered with some pretty uneven fare . 
as his female counterpart , anne heche also deserves a big pat on the back for her sweet , goofily charismatic performance . 
never wears out its welcome , where a lesser film could have felt like it was as long as its title . 
her naysayers are proved wrong in a big way . 
six days , seven nights " is a summer movie that gets the summer movie experience deliciously right , a commendable achievement considering the season thus far has been littered with some pretty uneven fare . 
here 's a genuinely fun fluff piece that knows it 's fluff , recognizes it 's fluff and is admittedly proud to be fluff . 
director ivan reitman keeps the pace brisk . at a slim 101 minutes , " six days , seven nights " 
of course , the casting of harrison ford in the broadly comedic lead role plays a sizeable part in the movie 's success ; ford is such a concentrated dramatic actor that it 's easy to forget what a funny guy he can be . 
michael browning 's clever screenplay allows for plenty of notable one - liners 
the performances are uniformly excellent , particularly kathy bates , and the film has its moments 
the rest of the cast is also very good . 
the cinematography by gabriel beristain is wonderful 
-- i particularly like the chilling ice - blue hue permeating the present - day scenes , contrasting well with the many nova scotia ocean shots -- and danny elfman provides a surprisingly understated score for the film . 
the performances are uniformly excellent , particularly kathy bates , and the film has its moments 
consequently , it is fortunate that their cast includes some of hollywood 's finest character actors , such as bates , leigh and strathairn . 
child actor ellen muth is also worth noting as the young selena during the flashback sequences ; she is very impressive . 
-- i particularly like the chilling ice - blue hue permeating the present - day scenes , contrasting well with the many nova scotia ocean shots -- and danny elfman provides a surprisingly understated score for the film . 
kathy bates plays the film 's title character , and gives a sensational lead performance . 
this slow - moving character study provides some outstanding acting performances by the principals , but suffers from a tepid conclusion , inconsistent direction , and may not have wide commercial appeal . 
she dominates the screen , producing a character that is compelling and arresting , as we watch the character go through two decades of history via flashbacks . 
child actor ellen muth is also worth noting as the young selena during the flashback sequences ; she is very impressive . 
kathy bates ' performance is award - calibre stuff . 
the screenwriters use the right words and phrases to describe the mood , from the smell of the air , to the logic involved in reading the other guys ' faces and cards , and all without sounding remotely trite . 
once things start happening the film is able to expand and develop its plot into an intricate web of detail and mood . 
damon in the flesh might seem a little out of place with his expensive clothes and perfectly - groomed features , but his narration is what brings it all together . 
the screenwriters use the right words and phrases to describe the mood , from the smell of the air , to the logic involved in reading the other guys ' faces and cards , and all without sounding remotely trite . 
it 's not at all surprising worm owes thousand of dollars to the mob , but what is surprising is how the film is able to take such a predictable element and execute it the way it does . 
it just comes natural to him . 
" it proves this through its original , fascinating story . 
the film does an excellent job in establishing its atmosphere during the first act . 
for now , " scream " holds the title as the finest series of horror films to be committed to celluloid . 
" was a lot of fun ; refreshing , humorous , offbeat . 
it does the job , i guess , accomplishes what it should , bringing the three films full circle , but upon my first viewing it seemed rather dissatisfying because it appears a little too contrived , too arbitrary ; after a second viewing , which i endeavored upon due to this recurring disapprobation , the killer 's identity still seems a little too random , but his motivation came across more sound this time around , and the eventual conclusion was ultimately more satisfying . 
the rest of the sequence is particularly clever , setting up a constant throughout the picture : the killer has a high - tech electronic voice - changer that tops that of the first two . 
okay , over the years , i 'll admit that i 've become quite the " scream " fan . 
" was a lot of fun ; refreshing , humorous , offbeat . 
what puts a damper on this otherwise exceptional and creative film 
no need to worry ; " scream 3 " is endlessly inventive and entertaining , a fine epilogue to the series that made kevin williamson a household name , reinvented the horror genre , and continued in the self - referential , post - modern tradition of quentin and co . 
all in all , " scream 3 " does not fall victim to the most lamented principle of a trilogy 
he knows when to hold back and at the same time makes the movie ooze with energy , illustrating the delicate poise flowing from his years of experience . 
honestly , i like this approach . 
constantly demonstrating the capable direction of wes craven . 
no need to worry ; " scream 3 " is endlessly inventive and entertaining , a fine epilogue to the series that made kevin williamson a household name , reinvented the horror genre , and continued in the self - referential , post - modern tradition of quentin and co . 
when sidney finally ventures out to hollywood as the murders become more prevalent , she 's chased onto the set of stab 3 , wandering through " woodsboro , " written and directed as an odd , surreal , nightmare indeed , this is one of " scream 3 " 's finest moments 
but then , it does seem best to quit while you 're ahead , and " scream 3 " does a fine job of providing closure to its characters . 
that 's what makes it escapist and fun . relax , take your shoes off , and break out the popcorn . 
that 's what makes it escapist and fun . relax , take your shoes off , and break out the popcorn . 
he 's pretty funny . 
the supporting cast is apparently made up of the entire cast of casino and goodfellas , and are all funny caricatures , especially vitti 's bodyguard jelly ( joe viterelli . ) 
robert de niro is hilarious as vitti , playing it dead straight but coming off as really funny . 
it sometimes gets a little bloody for a light hearted film , but it strangely fits in . 
all the comic potential in a scene is dug out and presented to the audience . 
the script , written by ramis along with peter tolan and ken lonergan , starts off funny , remains funny for the most of the film , but sadly peters out somewhat during the last twenty minutes where it wrongly enters more serious territory . 
billy crystal , who has n't had a good role since city slickers way back in the early ' 90 's , is given a role that lets him fully exploit his wiseguy act . 
although many people have compared this new gangster comedy to the hit hbo drama ' the sopranos , ' analyze this is witty and entertaining enough to be a good movie in it 's own right . 
he 's pretty funny while he does it , and although his character is a little close to his character in city slickers , 
crystal is his most likeable in years 
it 's no goodfellas , and it probably wo n't be remembered as much as groundhog day , but analyze this is a well done comedy that wo n't leave you feel cheated . 
the italian tunes playing throughout the soundtrack contribute to the fun . 
robert de niro is hilarious as vitti , playing it dead straight but coming off as really funny . 
analyze this is a good comedy , and is certainly worth watching . 
although never brilliant , analyze this is also never rubbish , which makes for a fun ride . 
is just awesome . 
john cusack has finally been given a chance to prove his ability , and he does it well . he 's by far the most underrated actor due to a lack of popularity , but i 'm hoping that will change . 
the acting was quite delightful as well . 
" being john malkovich " is the type of film we need to see more . 
" being john malkovich " is n't an excellent film , but it is definitly entertaining and will eaisly become a cult favorite . 
the director , spike jonze , who appeared in last month 's three kings really catches my attention with this project . 
she pulled it off . 
malkovich falls under none of these categories , and it 's quite refreshing to see that occur . 
even if the script is super sharp , i ca n't help but find the ending displeasing . 
cameron diaz was her usual charming self , although i felt that part was wrong for her , but 
in my opinion , this idea is absolutely brilliant . 
i had a very enjoyable time . 
sugiyama 's awakening is less overt , but koji yakusho does a wonderful job showing a transformation of small steps . 
suo might have been better advised to conclude with the small gem of a scene in which sugiyama and his wife take their first tentative dance steps together . 
as feel - good formulaic as it may be in its own way , shall we dance ? also demonstrates a kind of charming restraint you do n't often find in american films . 
suo gives his comedy the graceful movements of his subject matter , allowing the humor to flow from the characters rather than forcing it upon them . 
it 's a delicate performance with a huge heart . 
its ability to create an intoxicating mood of romance which can soften the stiffest shirt . 
instead of big action scenes , leering super villains and empty - headed femme fatales , we get interesting characters and an intriguing situation . 
harold pinter is amusing as harry 's uncle benny , who pops up throughout the story in a number of creative ways . 
curtis is one of my favorite female actors ; whiplash smart , sultry and charismatic , she deserves more than supporting roles . 
instead of using panama city merely as a colorful backdrop , he adroitly weaves in footage of all aspects of life there . 
based on the novel by john le carr ? , who also co - wrote the screenplay , the film offers viewers something rarely seen in theaters this time of year : a solid , well - told story . 
but the most important secondary performers are leonor varela and brendan gleeson , both outstanding as two wounded activists . 
geoffrey rush is wonderful as harry , fawning over his customers by day and savoring his rich family life in the evenings , all while playing secret agent in the off hours with his new benefactor . 
but the most important secondary performers are leonor varela and brendan gleeson , both outstanding as two wounded activists . 
director john boorman adds additional verisimilitude by shooting the film on location . 
the metropolis , described by one character as " casablanca without heroes " pulsates with life , underling the folly of the two foreigners playing dangerous games that could have a disastrous impact on a great many people . 
also shoring up the proceedings is jon polito as a corrupt banker and dylan baker , who is a riot 
the tailor of panama " succeeds because the principals behind it were bright enough to make it more than a simple entertainment . 
based on the novel by john le carr ? , who also co - wrote the screenplay , the film offers viewers something rarely seen in theaters this time of year : a solid , well - told story . 
with a depth greater than the screenplay provides her . of the central characters , she is the only one that exhibits maturity and genuine self - confidence . 
overall , i can recommend it simply as great entertainment . 
the brilliance of this scene is also due , in part , to soderbergh , for he cuts back and forth from their quiet discussion in a bar to the physical act which takes place a few minutes later . 
and without being pretentious , which is always admirable . 
it all adds to the smooth and quirky currents in the film . 
i can say that it 's a terrific film , with sharp acting , great dialogue , and pumping full of energy and style injected by soderbergh . 
the supporting cast is strong , led by the always - reliable ving rhames . 
this guy can act , but he also has that forceful presence that most certainly will make him one of those $ 20 million superstars . 
as for the book , this film is good enough to make me believe that there might be something in the text worth looking at . 
i can sense that she 's honing in on her skills , for she comes off more natural here than she has in any of her previous ventures ( not that stone gave her much help in the loathsome u - turn ) . 
i 've only seen a few of soderbergh 's films ( i was impressed both with kafka and sex , lies , and videotape ) , but i think he 's excellent at what he does . 
steve zahn , who plays jack 's nearly - brain dead accomplice glenn , steals all of his scenes 
the scene is a series of soft nuances and glances , layered upon light dialogue , and the result is one of the better love scenes in recent cinema -- meaningful and engrossing . 
all of the actors are helped by the dialogue and the intelligently - constructed script by scott frank . 
as i said , clooney is terrific , and he 's matched by lopez . 
she can act , too . 
it 's a fun gimmick , though , and soderbergh treats the material with enough humor that everything comes off naturally 
, it 's since gone on to capture acclaim at the 1998 sundance film festival ) , pi is an intriguingly cerebral story which , ironically , is perhaps the most purely visceral film of the year . 
the story , then , is basically an eccentricity , but it 's a clever , astute eccentricity , perceptively zeroing in on the modern mistrust of mathematical reductionism ; in an age where a dominant societal phobia is one 's individualism being replaced by a series of numeric identifiers , max 's all - consuming penchent for numbers at once creates a lingering , unsettling mood . 
it 's also vastly more convincing with its argument . 
in this regard , it wildly succeeds due to mr . aronofsky 's striking direction . 
still , amidst all its kafkaesque qualities and overall dispassionate mood , pi does occasionally display a sense of humour . 
gullette appears in virtually every scene ) , pi takes a refreshing and effective approach in avoiding conventional aesthetics ; because of our ambivalence with max , we 're not so much avidly rooting for him to triumph with a moment of epiphany as we 're following him through this plot with a sense of mixed dread and morbid fascination -- it 's more disturbing journey than quest . 
aronofsky 's technical virtuosity ( made for $ 60 000 
the film 's sinister tone splashes onto the screen immediately with a dazzling opening credit sequence ably backed by a sly electronic score by clint mansell , and gradually increases in intensity . 
i been so blown away . 
i 'm never one to base a film entirly on special effects , so know that when i give dark city it 's actually because the film contained all of the neccessary ingredients to keep me entertained and awake from storyline to plot twists to camerawork to even ( tsk , tsk ) special effects 
as i was being taken through the intricate regions of the " dark city " , a clever plot began to unravel , to the point where the last time i had seen such clever plot twists were in " the usual suspects " . 
but as soon as kiefer sutherland began speaking the narrative monologue , describing " the strangers " and their reasons for contacting human beings , i was hooked . 
not since contact have i recieved such deep insight into the way the human mind operates and never this year have 
the best film i 've seen all year , and easily one of the best i 've ever seen 
i would imagine , for a film of this caliber , that maximum hours of work were spent where they were needed the most . 
sutherland played the role as a true veteran . 
and imagine a picture that finally does justice to the comic - book - gone - feature - film fad that hollywood has recently become abusive of . 
not to mention a series of special effects that would make james cameron literally turn green with envy . 
dark city simply puts " spawn " to shame . 
there was something especially compelling about the nature of his voice . 
the film flowed beautifully . 
this film is anything but the meloncholy of " hellraiser " parts one through five . 
it is a slow - moving , meticulous film , that grabs hold of you by the collar and never lets go . 
the force of what is seen , though filmed in an objective manner , never taking a cheap shot at the hasidim , is nevertheless bound to leave questions about the nature of such a practice of strict observance . 
anderson has the talent to make the audience sympathetic towards numerous people in only a few hours . 
the detailed character analyses and the powerful script make " magnolia " memorable . 
i predict a lot of diversity and success from anderson in the future . 
however , what really is impressive is that even though there are tons of characters in several unrelated stories , the film is never confusing . 
" magnolia " is a clever , well thought out film from prodigy director - writer paul thomas anderson of " boogie nights " fame . 
anderson 's explanation to prove this point is both accurate and convincing . 
from the fascinating beginning to the risky yet surprisingly satisfying ending the film just does n't get boring 
tour de force performance . 
this many different types of people shows that he has a keen sense of diversity . 
all of the main characters in each story are perfect because they are able to reveal more emotions and attitudes in their brief time on the screen then most movie stars can do in a feature length film . 
" magnolia " uses several effective metaphors to describe its characters . 
this is a classic example of flawless casting and flawless ensemble acting . 
anderson 's control over transitioning from one story to another story is masterful . 
worth noting is tom cruise , who stepped out of his usual superficial starring role and into a funny but depressing 
to see that anderson is able to perfectly portray 
the performances in " magnolia " are perfection . 
from the fascinating beginning to the risky yet surprisingly satisfying ending the film just does n't get boring 
he was probably noticed more than the other actors in the film by award givers because his role here is so much different and impressive than those in the past ( however any actor in this film could be nominated for best supporting actor without any complaints ) 
any three hour film that does not deliver even one uninteresting scene is definitely worth recommending . 
but jokes aside , this is a film that is well worth watching . it has wonderful and mature characters , that few horror film s can boast of and a strangely effective story that continues to electrify you till the end . 
it has wonderful and mature characters , that few horror film s can boast of and a strangely effective story that continues to electrify you till the end . 
a psychological thriller that will scare you to the depth of your soul ! director / writer antonia bird shows us that the most terrifying horror is not provided by giant beasts , but instead by monsters lurking in ourselves . . 
music is another factor that strengthens the atmosphere . 
" ravenous " starts wonderfully and continues to shock and scare until it gets to the finale , where it looses focus and gets too primitive and rather boring . 
and i must admit that it is often very funny , in a strange way ( such as the wonderful quote : " . . 
it is one of the most frightening and successful horror films since " the shining " . 
every actor does a great job . especially robert carlyle as the sinister and intelligent cannibal , and guy pearce as the moral and honest soldier , nagged by his undeserved honor . 
as professionally made as the movie is , you have to wonder who they thought would come piling into the theater to see this . 
unusually directed by gus van sant , " good will hunting " overcomes the banalities of its story by affirming the emergence of fresh , new talent . 
damon effortlessly blends the carelesness of a gregarious , confused thug with the absorbing ingeniousness of someone like einstein . 
but it 's the acting that hits the mark , and damon hits all the right notes , flying over robin williams ' deja - vu role 
his rich , complex character is the pulp of " good will hunting . 
the core of the " good will hunting " is damon , who infuses the script ( co- written by " chasing amy 's " ben affleck ) with just the right amount of warmth , sensitivity and humanity to accentuate his position as a refreshing multi- talented performer . 
- the star of curdled is angela jones ( the top billing goes to william baldwin , but really , jones is the central character ) , who 's probably best known for her role as esmerelda villalobos , the death - obssessed taxi driver in pulp fiction . 
the best scene in the film is an outrageously funny sequence involves jones and dancing - 
of course , it 's impossible to really take this stuff seriously , but then again you 're not really supposed to - braddock knows the audience is in on the joke , and makes it a fun little romp as a result . 
the opening credit sequence is also inventive and amusing . 
reb braddock 's direction is extremely sharp and clever , toeing the line between black humour and bad taste . 
there 's a hilarious locker room scene where they debate whether decapitated heads can talk , and what they would say . 
jones is great in curdled - she 's wonderfully funny and maintains an amusing wide - eyed naive curiousity about murder without compromising her character 's innocence or likeability . 
jones is great in curdled - she 's wonderfully funny and maintains an amusing wide - eyed naive curiousity about murder without compromising her character 's innocence or likeability . 
curdled is a deliciously dark and witty black comedy , but its humour wo n't appeal to everyone . 
it 's a great performance . 
curdled seems destined to be a nice cult film for miramax . 
this long in 1998 devoted entirely to character . 
fortunately , we never get a sampling of simon 's work , and it 's a testament to the actors and the screenplay 
how refreshing to see a movie 
the finished film is epic in its proportions for a story so small , and the final third does test one 's patience , yet henry fool is tight , hardly excessive in its length . 
fortunately , we never get a sampling of simon 's work , and it 's a testament to the actors and the screenplay 
i left completely satisfied . 
the finished film is epic in its proportions for a story so small , and the final third does test one 's patience , yet henry fool is tight , hardly excessive in its length . 
henry fool is sprinkled with hartley - ian flourishes : simon drinks milk from " udderley 's " ; the big teen hang - out is called " world of donuts " ; simon wears his garbageman 's uniform throughout ; the editing style is decidedly elliptical . 
i felt rewarded at the end of henry fool ; this movie creeps up on you - at a slow 139 minutes , i mean 
the animation is so perfect that you can virtually see every single ant on the ball . however , the most exhilarating scene involves bala getting stuck to the bottom of a young boy 's shoe . 
the animation is so perfect that you can virtually see every single ant on the ball . however , the most exhilarating scene involves bala getting stuck to the bottom of a young boy 's shoe . 
but both show an incredible talent for this type of a picture . 
this is the type of film that should be made for families more often : entertaining for kids and entertaining for parents . 
those who had problems with his physical appearance will be able to join the rest of us in laughing at allen 's intelligent observations of life . 
he transcends most of what he 's done in the past few years . 
they will have a lot of fun watching this one . what is great is the themes that are given to us . 
anne bancroft has a minimal role , but she 's effective nonetheless . 
vocal talent is always essential to an animated feature , and antz has one of the best line - ups seen since toy story . 
young kids may be disturbed by the site of a dismembered head , but a good deal of humor is derived ( more appropriate for adults , of course ) . 
hopefully , children will learn that killing ants is rather cruel . as an animated film , antz is probably the best you will find to date . 
in fact , it far exceeds that one . 
visually , it 's as stunning as what dreams may come 
gene hackman is superb as the gruff - talking general , almost doing another take on his crimson tide persona . 
you 'll enjoy it the most . 
visually , it 's an exciting rush of adrenaline . 
it 's truly a great example of film making at its finest . 
unrestrained by physical boundaries , allen 's humor comes shining through . 
kids will delight in the animation , while parents can laugh heartily at the humor . 
but other than that ( and some sexual innuendos ) , it 's a perfect choice for some wholesome fun at the theaters . 
the battle sequence is absolutely stunning , though you may have flashbacks to starship troopers , which contained a very similar sequence . 
danny glover has a small role , but he does a very , very good job 
tense at times , and very funny throughout 
antz begins with a hilarious monologue which seems a meld between woody allen 's shtick and franz kafka 's metamorphosis , the short story of a man who wakes up to discover himself as a bug . 
, the two hold this film together like professionals . 
part social commentary , part romance story , and part moral drama , antz gives everyone something to talk about , whether it be the animation , or the discussions of individualism and community . 
one great moment involves a mass of worker ants bunching up to form a wrecking ball . 
that 's because , in a nutshell , " the wedding singer " is one of the sweetest movies you 're ever likely to come across 
let 's just say that " the wedding singer " might well be the only film in recent memory to make * me * want to rent " happy gilmore . " 
sandler and barrymore are a good match and they 're assisted by some terrific cameo appearances , including steve buscemi and jon lovitz , whose individual scenes are perhaps the funniest in the film . 
herlihy and director frank coraci have done a great job of recreating the sights , sounds , and affectations of the 1980s . 
the soundtrack -- an ever - present force in the film -- is packed with wall - to - wall hits of the period , new wave upon new wave of songs from billy idol 's " white wedding " to the smiths ' " how soon is now ? 
the soundtrack -- an ever - present force in the film -- is packed with wall - to - wall hits of the period , new wave upon new wave of songs from billy idol 's " white wedding " to the smiths ' " how soon is now ? 
sandler 's thing , i did have a surprisingly good time . 
if you grew up listening to the cure and a flock of seagulls and the psychedelic furs , then " the wedding singer " is bound to put a nostalgic hop in your stride . 
" the mix of music and fashion would make " the wedding singer " a great double feature with " boogie nights . 
if you 're a fan of the lovable , laughable adam sandler , well . 
the script was developed partly through improvisations , and the fusion of cast , script and director shows best in the party scene - seemingly everyone is talking at the same time , and yet many subtle observations are being made throughout . 
but she 's really just right for the role of someone who inspires sympathy and yet strains the tolerance of those around her , precisely because she 's so needy of love , perhaps . 
however , it 's a film that truly earns its happy ending after the misery and repression of the character 's lives . 
in a very different way , but also using a long single shot , the scene of hortense and cynthia 's first meeting in a lonely caf=8a achieves a touching intensity , all the more for their reticence and unspoken feelings . 
it 's the triumph of secrets & lies , then , that it goes beyond gestures of sympathy for the common people into a probing of just what it means to seek ' authenticity ' and honesty in everyday lives . 
" linklater uses an interesting technique to examine these characters : the camera follows one person for a few minutes , then someone else walks by and the camera follows that person , who walks into a diner just as another person is walking out the door . . . . 
" slacker " is a good film and a wonderfully offbeat and entertaining comedy , whatever its flaws , and its status as a cult classic is well - deserved 
the opening monologue , delivered by linklater himself to a taxi driver , tosses around ideas about alternate realities that nicely set up the meandering structure of the film . 
the best moments are the ones involving the slightly unhinged types . 
" slacker " is a good film and a wonderfully offbeat and entertaining comedy , whatever its flaws , and its status as a cult classic is well - deserved 
a scene that drew a big laugh from everyone present when i saw the film , a man tries to achieve closure after a failed relationship by reciting poetry on a bridge and then throwing a typewriter into the creek below . 
it 's certainly a lot of fun listening to these characters talk 
soon after , we find out he 's a vietnam vet , and his actions become fairly clear to us . " a breed apart " is n't a great movie by any means , but it does contain good performances by all three leads , and it 's worth seeing for that reason alone . 
as for hauer , he 's an actor i 've always admired . 
however , despite this uninteresting sub - plot , turner did manage to give a great performance as the woman who reminds the two men that sometimes there 's more to life than money and birds . 
despite all his eccentric mannerisms , though , hauer always manages to let the human side of his character shine through 
titanic , then , although not the godfather of movies it could of been , is a wonderful attempt at creating a work of genius . 
titanic is one of the only films where effects have reinforced the film . 
but the scenes cameron directs especially well are the disaster scenes at the end . 
( just watch aliens ( 1988 ) , terminator 2 and true lies , 1994 ) and they are used very well throughout . 
to support the directing are the excellent cast , working very well with their underwritten characters . 
but sadly , titanic just misses the mark of masterpiece ( although it is one of cameron 's best films ) 
of course , the ship sinking scenes are awesome , with bodies flying all over the place , and the scene where the ship splits in half has to be seen to be believed . 
zane is deliciously evil as cal , saying every line with a sneer and a flicker of the eye lash . 
titanic , then , is a wonder of directing , acting and cgi , but not writing and story . 
the film , which cost $ 200 million+ to make and could of put 20th century fox into a lot of finicial trouble if it ' sunk ' ( pun intended ) is a labour of love for cameron , who wrote and directed the film . 
cameron is a whiz with effects 
enjoyable , scary , and even sad , titanic is a film cinema was invented for , filling the screen with incredible images , and assaulting the ears with awesome sound . a superb film , but sadly not perfect . 
titanic is so close to being the perfect movie 
there are some great sweeping shots of the titanic , and some clever fades between the flashback titanic and the ruined titanic . 
enjoyable , scary , and even sad , titanic is a film cinema was invented for , filling the screen with incredible images , and assaulting the ears with awesome sound . a superb film , but sadly not perfect . 
he does it really , really well . 
the sweeps of the ships are awesome , although digital domain , who did the effects , can not animate human movement too well . 
his performance of a over excitiable , yet also well mannered boy is excellent , and he also has some funny lines . 
finally , the icing on the ' great things ' cake are the special effects . 
thanks to cameron 's direction , then , the audiences attention is held for the full 3 hours 15 minutes . 
there are some redeeming features that make the story and dialogue problems just disappear . 
we all know that big budget dosen't mean great film ( see waterworld ( 1995 ) ) but titanic is far superior to kevin costners waterlogged epic . 
all done very well by cameron . 
winslet is great also , and her transistion from a well mannered rich girl to a rebelous young adult is pretty smooth . 
there are some great sweeping shots of the titanic , and some clever fades between the flashback titanic and the ruined titanic . 
of course , the ship sinking scenes are awesome , with bodies flying all over the place , and the scene where the ship splits in half has to be seen to be believed . 
( jeremy pikser co - wrote the screenplay ) . as an actor , he was able to convincingly portray bulworth 's depression , then liberation and rebirth . 
he was able to keep the movie free from hollywood 's indulgent formulas 
still , most of the movie is original and very enjoyable , and beatty deserves most of credit for bringing it to the screen . 
it 's too bad that there are n't more movies like this around - movies that tackle political corruption in a way that challenges viewers to pay more attention to real politics . 
still , most of the movie is original and very enjoyable , and beatty deserves most of credit for bringing it to the screen . 
as the story and screen writer , he came up first with a good structure , then with good dialogue to back it up 
it works very well in this comedy . 
" do n't you ( forget about me ) . " the picture ultimately has a healthy , if obligatory , attitude towards safe sex - even at their most libidinous , american pie 's protagonists first whip out a condom . 
what differentiates american pie from those dirty eighties comedies , aside from a very nineties obsession with bodily fluids * , is a cast that 's light years more appealing 
i hope to see more of this warm actor with the disarmingly honest face very soon . 
for its familiarity and for its charming leads , i recommend american pie , but the buzz on this film had me expecting something . . . 
levy 's is the most crowd - pleasing performance , and indeed , it 's nice to see him back on the big screen in a role that makes wonderful use of that expressive brow . 
two more standouts : klein and " sctv " 's eugene levy . 
it 's at the top of the heap . 
the blend of peter weir 's masterful ( and in many ways brilliant ) direction , peter biziou 's stunning photography and jim carrey 's performance is what makes this film work so fantastically 
carrey has made a very wise choice . 
but to me , the truman show was a touching , sad tale about the extents to which a corporation will go to exploit human life for the entertainment of others . 
the blend of peter weir 's masterful ( and in many ways brilliant ) direction , peter biziou 's stunning photography and jim carrey 's performance is what makes this film work so fantastically 
the blend of peter weir 's masterful ( and in many ways brilliant ) direction , peter biziou 's stunning photography and jim carrey 's performance is what makes this film work so fantastically 
but above all else , the truman show was a stunningly beautiful picture with humor , heart and scary realism . 
it may be the use of color or the placement of characters in the frame , but everything about this film looks intentional and perfect . 
the truman show is one of the most unique films i have ever seen , and it deserves a spot on the " decade 's best " list . 
firstly , wahlberg , although excellent , can not do highly scenes which require him to be angry . 
burt reynolds is brilliant , julianne moore shows real emotion , and william h . 
but the rest of the cast are excellent . 
boogie nights really is a spectacular feat of direction and writing , on par ( and sometimes betters ) quentin tarantino 's films resevoir dogs ( 1992 ) and pulp fiction ( 1994 ) the soundtrack is also excellent 
there are some great shots , some lovely steadiocam and handheld camera sequences , and lots of other neat directional touches . 
all the characters are well written , well played , and the audience gets to know them pretty well , thanks to the excellent script . 
the film , although excellent , does have some flaws . 
the writing is fabulous , with some intelligent dialogue , some funny dialogue , but none of the dialogue is crap , like most hollywood films ( such as the lost world : jurassic park ( 1997 ) , or tommorow never dies ( 1997 ) . ) 
the costumes are great . 
but the best thing about the excellent boogie nights is paul andersons direction and writing . 
the direction is fast , thrilling , and never holds up . 
like american graffiti ( 1973 ) , the film features some great old songs on the soundtrack , which heightens the atmosphere , and gives the film an extra lift . also , 
whatever you do , do not miss out on boogie nights . 
boogie nights is an excellent film . superb directing , writing , acting and music , all combine to make one spectacular film . 
it 's a shame , really , as the rest of the film is perfectly paced . 
boogie nights is an excellent film . superb directing , writing , acting and music , all combine to make one spectacular film . 
the director , anderson , delivers a funny , hip , yet sometimes violent film , which flies along . 
boogie nights really is a spectacular feat of direction and writing , on par ( and sometimes betters ) quentin tarantino 's films resevoir dogs ( 1992 ) and pulp fiction ( 1994 ) the soundtrack is also excellent 
like american graffiti ( 1973 ) , the film features some great old songs on the soundtrack , which heightens the atmosphere , and gives the film an extra lift . also , 
macy is great aswell ( but he always is . ) 
burt reynolds is brilliant , julianne moore shows real emotion , and william h . 
the dvd release of the original international version of luc besson 's 1995 masterpiece the professional , which is known as l ? on around the world , is a prime example of how a good film can become an instant classic 
my advice to everyone out there is to throw away your copy of the professional , throw down twenty bucks , and pick up this newly restored cinematic masterpiece . 
the dvd release of the original international version of luc besson 's 1995 masterpiece the professional , which is known as l ? on around the world , is a prime example of how a good film can become an instant classic 
the best part of this extra footage is that gives better understanding of both mathilda 's and l ? on 's motivations pertaining to later actions involving oldman and his crew of bad cops . 
his performance in this film perhaps is n't breathtaking , yet adequate . 
his notoriously expressionless face is perfect illustration of the disillusioned , world- weary man whose alienation from the " normal " way of life becomes complete and only remaining ideal is loyalty to the shrinking circle of friends . 
it should n't surprise anyone , because the author of the novel , frederick forsyth , made reputation by blending fiction with real life , thus creating interesting , exciting yet very believable plots for his books . 
but , despite those shortcomings , this movie remains interesting and rare combination of action thriller and gritty , realistic political drama . 
thing that separates the dogs of war from conventional action movies , especially those made in 1980s , is its authenticity , almost close to documentary . 
luckily , the dogs of war had a good script . 
crystal plays an excellent straight man to deniro 's character , uplifting him from such bombs as father 's day and my giant . 
it is an enjoyable romp 
that lets deniro do something different but same for a change , taking his dramatic act to a new field of comedy . kudos to crystal and kudrow for not just making it his show , either . 
may have gotten it right with analyze this , a movie that hits its targets 
does some of his finest comic work since the king of comedy , giving off a somewhat similar performance to his role in goodfellas , but with a bit of a lighter heart . 
that lets deniro do something different but same for a change , taking his dramatic act to a new field of comedy . kudos to crystal and kudrow for not just making it his show , either . 
may have gotten it right with analyze this , a movie that hits its targets 
( a scene where he tries to display his anger over the phone and fails miserably is hilarious . ) 
this decent and smart film , that tried so hard to say what it felt it had to say but said it so loudly without trusting its audience to catch on to its message by not making everything seem so black and white . 
they were at least effective in setting up the intense mood that the film needed to show that there is a mental war going on currently , of those who believe one way is right and others who differ with them , and that anyone who is neutral must be considered an enemy because of their indifference . 
that is not to say that i found the film without considerable merit , that inspite of its shortcomings , it was worth seeing because of its visual statements , though they were also not too subtle , 
some of the wit in this movie is sharp and pulp fiction - esque , and some is just dumb & dumber gross ( the bed sheets ) and stupid ( the bb gun ) although the film starts out on a comic note , it takes a sharp term in the middle , and becomes almost depressing . 
this is a very original film , as far as films go today . 
it definetly deserves multiple viewings ( partly because of the slang and accents ) jeremy dennison mr . 
i can honestly say that this is one of the best movies i have ever seen . 
it is an obscure gem that has been over shadowed in the us by such movies as mission impossible and id4 . 
there are many surprises 
he had talent , and that is proven here as he delivers a perfect fully 3-dimensional performance filled with anger , humor , and pain . 
he had talent , and that is proven here as he delivers a perfect fully 3-dimensional performance filled with anger , humor , and pain . 
during the last half hour which lead to an ending so emotionally involving it should make the most heartless of cynics get choked up . 
kerri green is very appealing 
dave grusin 's memorable score , played at the perfect moments , certainly helps . 
but hopefully , like with heathers and say anything , lucas can begin to find it 's own loyal following and help people realize there were more to the 80s than anthony michael hall and molly ringwald . 
lucas is filled with great performances . 
it deserves more than that , but i do n't want to be greedy . 
the next scene is brilliant . 
probably because it stars corey haim , or maybe because it 's about a little geek who collects insects , or maybe because it does n't feature slick one - liners or the chart topping soundtrack albums that were almost a requirement for teen films in the 80 's . however , you have been missing out on a true masterpeice , the best film of 1986 , and the best film about adolescent life ever made . 
also fascinating is george lucas ? 
an experience which is not to be missed because of the very fact that it 's predecessor almost command a viewing of this inferior successor . 
by all means not the pinnacle of the star wars phenomena but an adequate addition to the clan . watch out for the next one , it should be one steamy encounter between queen amidala and anakin skywalker - who i believe should be portrayed by ? 
in terms of characters , by far the most outstanding and interesting is queen amidala ( natalie portman ) , whose mature performance far exceeds 
despite the fact the script and plot is a bit of a let down , the entire movie on the whole can be considered a milestone in technical excellence , in the sound and special effects department . 
first and foremost is the charming performance by sami bouajila as felix . 
the adventures of felix " has a number of things going for it as we follow felix on his journey of discovery . 
" " the adventures of felix " does not reinvent the road movie , but it does provide a charismatic telling of a young man 's journey to find himself and , to his surprise , his discovery is dramatically different than he expected at the beginning . 
it helps that cinematographer matthieu poirot - delpech 's crisp lensing compliments the story perfectly as felix moves across the french countryside . 
the cast of characters making up felix 's new - found family are nearly as charming as the star , each in their own way . patachou , especially , is wonderful as the grandma character and a kindred spirit to felix . 
the cast of characters making up felix 's new - found family are nearly as charming as the star , each in their own way . patachou , especially , is wonderful as the grandma character and a kindred spirit to felix . 
bouajila does a terrific job holding center stage on the screen . 
this movie possesses that same quality that makes pixar studios ' animation great : precise and unwavering attention to detail . 
certainly a passive viewer can enjoy it as a straightforward story with a worthwhile moral and some surprisingly touching scenes , but a active , attentive viewers will enjoy it even more because they 'll catch all the details . 
it 's funny to us . 
thing is , the film does n't feel like it 's been lifted from somewhere else ; " chicken run " feels fresh , alive , like nothing else ever done 
the film manages to cross all barriers 
when you consider just how fine a line resides between a funny parody and a redundant one , " chicken run " is downright brilliant in its execution . consider this : since july of last year , i 've seen dozens upon dozens of " blair witch project " parodies , on television , on the radio , and online . 
the animation is first - rate . remember that this was all done the old - fashioned way , with actual humans moving clay figurines around on a tiny set bit by painstaking bit , and you see just how truly remarkable 
the voice cast turns in uniformly lively performances , and the characters they play are given so many subtle nuances that it 's hard not to fall in love with every one of them . 
the " braveheart " reference is a hoot if you catch it . 
. funnest damn movie i 've seen all year . 
even if you have no idea who mel gibson is , rocky remains an interesting character . 
the animation is first - rate . remember that this was all done the old - fashioned way , with actual humans moving clay figurines around on a tiny set bit by painstaking bit , and you see just how truly remarkable 
" it comes as a delightful surprise . 
a boatload of fun 
certainly a passive viewer can enjoy it as a straightforward story with a worthwhile moral and some surprisingly touching scenes , but a active , attentive viewers will enjoy it even more because they 'll catch all the details . 
as in such top - notch family fare as " a bug 's life " or " toy story 2 , " " chicken run " has something to offer in nearly every frame . 
if you 've never seen " indiana jones , " the chase sequence is still fun . 
" so to hell with webster 's -- " chicken run " is one of the funnest movies i 've seen in a while . 
mcgregor 's singing voice is robust and adds vigor at just the right moments . 
i most certainly liked it a lot . 
once labeled the " ice queen , " nicole kidman melts that characterization with a sizzling , yet tender , performance . 
" moulin rogue " is an original , and an original , even a flawed one , is a thing to be cherished . 
ewan mcgregor is extremely likable as christian , emphasizing the sincerity of the love - struck poet . 
she handles the songs adroitly , although her voice sounds a bit thin in the upper range . 
one of the loveliest moments comes as christine and satine commune outdoors at night , becoming part of a defiantly unrealistic parisian cityscape straight from a book of fairy tales . 
veteran character actor jim broadbent is suitably larger than life as ringmaster zidler ? 
australian director baz luhrmann , the man behind " strictly ballroom " and " romeo + juliet , " fills the heads of viewers with unique camerawork , opulent imagery and songs ranging from " the sound of music " to " smells like teen spirit . 
" moulin rogue " is an original , and an original , even a flawed one , is a thing to be cherished . 
she finds the right note for each scene and holds it . and devito has never had such a humanistic role before , which i was surprised about 
one highly original element of the film is that judith occasionally imagines things occuring in her mind in the way she wishes they would happen . 
hunter , of course , was brilliant in 1993 's " the piano , " for which she won an academy award , but in this film she is even better 
both give the performances of their careers here . 
another joy of the film is that it does not somehow form a contrived , " happy " ending , but , in staying with its realistic tone , manages to be upbeat , but truthful . 
she finds the right note for each scene and holds it . and devito has never had such a humanistic role before , which i was surprised about 
and as , " living out loud , " which is one of the best films of the year , proves , 
both of them create a sort of emotional connection with each other , seeking comfort with the other person , but while pat starts to form a deep love for her , judith only wants to remain friends . " living out loud , " which was written by richard lagravenese ( " the bridges of madison county " ) , who is also making his directing debut here , is a wonderful film from beginning to end , one that is honest , genuinely funny , and poignant . 
the last shot is an especially powerful image . 
the three central characters , that of judith , pat , and liz , are all written to be free - thinking , complex human beings , and are all likable , but flawed , people who are constantly interesting , as is the film itself . 
topping it all off is latifah , also a singer , who is quickly turning into a respectable actress herself , and has a juicy , natural supporting role 
the three central characters , that of judith , pat , and liz , are all written to be free - thinking , complex human beings , and are all likable , but flawed , people who are constantly interesting , as is the film itself . 
the unique relationship between dr evil and his son scott www . 
felicity shagwell is one shagadellic babe . 
overall mike myers has redefined what it means to be an international spy and leading man . 
this movie is every bit as silly and crazy as the first . 
the result is a gripping thriller that , while falling short of classic cinema , deserves its place in the altman canon . 
but there are true moments of riveting suspense , and great performances by branagh , davidzt and downey jr - more than enough to see you through . 
dialog overlaps and the actors seem to slip naturally into an improvisational style . 
but the parallel does suggest that it is possible to create great cinema from questionable source material . 
in the hands of a master 
the result is a gripping thriller that , while falling short of classic cinema , deserves its place in the altman canon . 
like altman , it becomes an exercise in existential doom , in its own way far more successful than scorsese 's cape fear remake , which tried for the same result . 
my favorite altman technique - the obligatory nude actress shot . 
avoids nearly all of these pitfalls , making the exact right moves at the exact right times . 
> from the outset of the film , he is immediately likable , and never seems too corny or brainy as to alienate the audience . 
jake gyllenhaal is outstanding as the kid at the center of this film . 
october sky is a rare oddity in cinema : a self - proclaimed " uplifting " film that is actually uplifting ! 
however , these lapses are minimal , and johnson quickly steers the movie back on course . 
director joe johnson deserves much credit for successfully navigating the many obstacles that october sky manages to dodge . 
a film emerges which manages to be powerful and moving without slipping into the gauzy haze of nostalgia or sliding down the sugarry slope of sappiness . 
october sky never resorts to that level , and yet , manages to become a truly uplifting film purely on its own merits . 
other footage shows backstage foolishness , and amazing clay animation by bruce bickford . 
the performance of " titties and beer " played in this movie is very entertaining , with drummer terry bozzio supplying the voice of the devil . 
frank 's guitar solos outdo any van halen or hendrix i 've ever heard . 
well paced and never boring . 
giovanni ribisi gives an outstanding performance as the film 's narrator , seth . 
otherwise , the movie is fun to watch thanks to its lively cast of young actors . 
ben affleck shines in a short but sweet performance as a recruiter for the company , nicky katt is fabulous 
as the ostensibly friendly boss who eventually becomes extremely jealous of seth , and vin diesel gives his best performance of his career as the foil character of nicky katt . 
ben affleck shines in a short but sweet performance as a recruiter for the company , nicky katt is fabulous 
while boiler room writer / director ben younger does not get his point across as well as david fincher does for fight club , he does contribute another impressive work to a series of films aiming to represent the new generation . 
some people are convinced that an all - male cast automatically means there must be gory violence , here is proof that this is not true . if you want to see an action movie starring ben affleck , go see reindeer games this weekend . if you want to see a smart , insightful film with excellent acting and a clever script , see boiler room . 
are the standout segments of the entire film . 
the two have perfect chemistry as a troubled father and son trying to impress each other and simultaneously impress themselves . 
the supporting cast of greedy co - workers is also flawless . 
go see maximum risk , but do n't expect a typical hollywood action movie ; expect a sort of funky hong kong - hollywood action movie . 
my personal favorite , is a fight in a meat packing house , featuring pig carcasses and a chainsaw . 
although it 's short on spectacle , lam 's film leaves a better and more lasting impression , i think . 
already a critical and financial success for such a small film , the full monty is a humble film which deserves applause throughout . 
. kudos to the people involved in this film , especially to director peter cattaneo for being able to put together an excellent film which is has so much potential in ending up as your just - another - striptease . 
trailing the success of brit humour in the movie industry with the likes of the semi - dramatic the commitments and the nearly slapstick a fish called wanda , the full monty is one film which delivered the depth of the former and the humour magnitude of the latter . 
carlyle 's work here is a stark contrast to his character in trainspotting , implying real acting skill and flexibility on - screen 
the acting presented in this film is more than satisfying . 
. kudos to the people involved in this film , especially to director peter cattaneo for being able to put together an excellent film which is has so much potential in ending up as your just - another - striptease . 
while titanic managed to feast the eyes and soul in an epic way , the full monty gives one the same satisfaction ? ? . in half the time . 
never for once , was it trying to be manipulative at all , the full monty was true to itself all the way . 
it also is a very light movie to watch despite the theme it delves in because it has a lot of human - factor going for it . 
with each new feature , disney animation gets even better . 
there are a couple of scenes where the animation achieves a near 3-d effect , and a number of scenes which feature tarzan moving through the trees are absolutely dizzying . 
the songs are very high - energy and catchy 
with solid performances , action , adventure , a bit of romance , and great music and animation , tarzan should appeal to the kids and to the kid in all of us . 
it 's amazing , the kinds of things you can do when you work to a soundtrack . 
well , regardless of my picky nature , the romance actually works as only disney romance can : purely contrived , but for some reason rather believable . 
there are a couple of scenes where the animation achieves a near 3-d effect , and a number of scenes which feature tarzan moving through the trees are absolutely dizzying . 
do yourself a favor and see this film in a theater with a good sound system , because the music will come through astonishingly well and really enhance the movie . 
the way he slides down tree limbs and trunks is very reminiscent of skateboarding and rollerblading maneuvers , and had me thinking this is n't just tarzan , it 's " extreme tarzan . " however , tarzan does not seem to have what i call its " chandelier scene , " which is the one scene to which the animators have chosen to devote an inordinate amount of effort , utilizing a computer - assisted process that makes the animation absolutely breathtaking . 
well , regardless of my picky nature , the romance actually works as only disney romance can : purely contrived , but for some reason rather believable . 
the voice talent is up to snuff , convincingly make you believe in the convictions of animated characters . 
with solid performances , action , adventure , a bit of romance , and great music and animation , tarzan should appeal to the kids and to the kid in all of us . 
with solid performances , action , adventure , a bit of romance , and great music and animation , tarzan should appeal to the kids and to the kid in all of us . 
a nice , romantic soundtrack adds to this date - night special . 
their scenes together sparkle , even though they lack the nostalgic romanticism of sleepless in seattle . 
you 've got mail is a timely romance for this impersonal , computer - driven decade . 
it seems effortless , spontaneous and fresh . 
overall , you 've got mail is a lush and cute outing , taking advantage of the star appeal of its two leads . 
it 's a nice holiday movie , one for holding hands and snuggling . committed to lifelong learning through effective communication 
their charm and chemistry are the glue that binds this film , even through some of the script 's rough spots . 
for the ephrons invested so much effort in their protagonists that they give short shrift to the talented supporting cast , including parker posey , greg kinnear , jean stapleton and steve zahn . 
smoothly moves between spunky and vulnerable , with a sexy touch of winsomeness added to the brew . 
the ephrons ' script is witty and sharp . 
amarcord was often noted as the ultimate nostalgia film , and it probably explains why it is very popular , even among those people who actually do n't like federico fellini 's work very much . 
every member of its potential audience would find part of himself or herself in this film , because fellini in this film clearly illustrates natural human desire to paint past in the best way possible . 
that music alone should be the reason to view amarcord as one of the indisputable classics of seventh art . 
instead we follow one year in 1930s italian summer resort town of rimini through the series of short vignettes that depict various local events and customs , as well as series of local , often very colourful characters . 
amarcord was often noted as the ultimate nostalgia film , and it probably explains why it is very popular , even among those people who actually do n't like federico fellini 's work very much . 
his amarcord theme is probably one of the most recognisable , most popular and most relaxing and uplifting pieces of film music ever produced . 
after the premiere , fellini rejected any claims about autobiographical character of this film , but it does n't matter whether rimini of amarcord actually resembles rimini of fellini 's childhood or not ; any place and any time could resemble characters and situations of this film . 
this film is amarcord , 1974 comedy by famous italian director federico fellini , which later gave inspiration to numerous imitations and homages , and even led few american screen artists to adopt its heretical views about benefits of small town life . 
this atmosphere is also provided by incredible talent of composer and fellini 's long - time associate nino rota . 
fellini also knows how to use locations , whether such location happens to be luxurious hotel , bright - coloured beach or rural countryside . 
because of this warmth and democratic spirit , amarcord could be viewed as one of the most humane films of 20th century , and it keeps its general feel good atmosphere despite depicting having many uncomfortable , melancholic and even tragic moments . 
fellini could n't produce such effects without using his own directorial talent that gave a very personal touch to this movie . 
this film is amarcord , 1974 comedy by famous italian director federico fellini , which later gave inspiration to numerous imitations and homages , and even led few american screen artists to adopt its heretical views about benefits of small town life . 
every member of its potential audience would find part of himself or herself in this film , because fellini in this film clearly illustrates natural human desire to paint past in the best way possible . 
fellini treats all those characters with warmth and affection , even when he paints them as grotesque caricatures of real people . 
on the other hand , it seems that something more than atlantic ocean divides europe from america , because one of the most popular and beloved european films takes exactly the opposite view . 
far from being bad , mighty joe young is actually a family fun movie . 
it 's the film for you and your family . 
it 's enjoyable , appropriate , cute , cuddly , and all of those other things that i 've been seeing in every movie since a bug 's life . 
i 'm feeling relaxed . 
roberts and grant , especially , are appealing , but their relationship is convolutedly interrupted too many times ( four weddings ' suffered similar flaws ) , and william and anna ultimately only have one thing in common 
( worth noting in roberts ' and grant 's favour : the ubiquitous " i 'm just a girl , standing across from a boy , asking him to love her " episode is not nearly so syrupy as it appears in clips , and it features some of the best emoting either actor has ever done . ) 
notting hill is nonetheless enjoyable 
some of notting hill 's finest moments revolve around william 's eccentric friends and family . 
perhaps the presence of julia roberts - whose allure beyond those perfect teeth still escapes me - had a lot to do with notting hill 's opening weekend success , but the film 's staying power is based on word of mouth . allow me to spread some more good buzz for notting hill . 
yes , he 's a crowd pleaser , a walking sight gag , but his character is not nearly as involving as the wheelchair - bound ( and appropriately named ) bella ( mckee , the anguished waitress of naked ) or max ( tom mcinnerny ) , her lousy chef of a husband . 
the story is typical sci - fi fantasy , but the conviction of the cast -- most notably the always - phenomenal stewart -- makes you believe and care . 
the pattern continues with the new star trek : first contact , an energetic sci - fi adventure that 
braga and moore 's mostly sharp script will please both trek devotees and the rest ; the references to the borg storyline in the tv series , the continuity with the previous film ( e . g . 
this is an interesting plotline that is sure to mesmerize trekkers everywhere and engage everyone else , but , unfortunately , it only makes up the star trek half of the script by brannon braga and 
based on the entertaining success that is star trek : first contact , i 'd say the studio has nothing to worry about 
the ongoing saga of data 's emotion chip ) , and a fleeting star trek : voyager crossover will make trekkers squeal with delight , but such points are made easily accessible to those less familiar to the trek mythos . 
while this story does tie into the main plot and pays off interestingly in the end , it is nowhere near as involving or exciting as the borg battles on the enterprise . 
st : fc has a bigger budget than the last trek outing , the middling star trek generations , and it definitely shows on screen -- the production design and especially visual and makeup effects are outstanding 
the impassioned speech by the doddering old man who phases in and out of rationality is among the best court - room drama ever on the screen . 
there are some other great moments . 
without speaking more than five words of english , he conveys more emotion than most actors with a thousand lines of dialog . 
the visual aspect of the film is beyond reproach . 
spielberg succeeds for the most part . 
the other stand - out is hopkins who seems to be making a career out of portraying american presidents ( he also played the title role in " nixon " ) . 
the film 's salvation lies in the acting strength of everyone involved and the powerful presence of hounsou . 
hurley also heightens the humor quotient , especially in the transitional scenes when fraser waits to start his next wish after bailing out of the previous one . 
, so you can easily accept it for the pleasant little comedy that it is . 
if hell means having to spend an eternity with elizabeth hurley ( who portrays the fiery demon ) , then use that pitchfork and point me the way . with her pouty lips , irresistible british accent , and wild display of haute couture , hurley crackles with naughtiness and fills your mind with temptation . 
what they 've got works 
reflecting on " bedazzled , " a lively comedy about the devil who seeks to possess the soul of a pathetic loser , one sinful thought remains in my mind . 
his funniest segment is when he wishes that he could be the most sensitive man in the world . 
a lot of the credit goes to fraser who turns in a great comic performance . 
the muppet movie is definitely a movie that is fun for all ages . 
the muppet movie is the first , and the best movie among the ever - growing list of muppet movies . 
it is also a sure - deal as one parents can watch , and enjoy along with their kids . 
a delightful movie for all ages 
the film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise . 
the film 's director , wonsuk chin ( too tired to die ) , expertly juxtaposes upper management company meetings with on - the - spot interviews with the bike messengers , general managers , and floor staff that kept kozmo humming . 
the most satisfying part of the film comes in understanding , to a degree , the expectations of numerous ceos commanding these titanic - type businesses . 
the contrast is amazing , showing how a cult persona can convince anyone that any idea is the next big thing . 
their talent lies not in their ability to reflect the norms of reality , but in their potential to dig out the darkest corners of life and bring them to light . 
the coens fill the screen with lighting , set design , music , and hilarious performances from all the leads , especially bridges and the always reliable john goodman , who shows real comic timing in his untimely ' nam - inspired outbursts and his intense dedication to his adopted judaism . 
the coens fill the screen with lighting , set design , music , and hilarious performances from all the leads , especially bridges and the always reliable john goodman , who shows real comic timing in his untimely ' nam - inspired outbursts and his intense dedication to his adopted judaism . 
one of hollywood 's most underrated actors -- in the best stoned performance since sean penn stumbled through the halls of ridgemont high . 
since their film debut in 1984 with the tightly wrought texas thriller " blood simple , " joel and ethan coen have been one of the most eclectic , original , and downright fascinating creative teams in modern hollywood . 
it shares their previous films ' strong sense of time and place , as well as their send - ups of movie genres and political and cultural ideologies . 
with joel directing , ethan producing , and both writing , the coen brothers seem limitless in their capacity to turn our world inside out . 
" lebowski " has the same kind of crazed caricatures that made " raising arizona " such a hoot ; it has surrealistic dream sequences 
it is overflowing with style and attitude , which helps make up for the scattered plot fragments that never quite come together in the end . 
" lebowski " has the same kind of crazed caricatures that made " raising arizona " such a hoot ; it has surrealistic dream sequences 
their films are highly stylized , deeply embedded in a particular time and place , and their characters are more often than not everyday people who get caught up in highly unusual circumstances . 
the coens rejoice in the oddballs of the world , and they put them center - stage to show that it 's not just guys like the dude who are nuts , but the entire planet . 
" deakins always gives the coens ' films a distinctive visual style , and here he does a brilliant job of capturing the bright colors of seedy los angeles in the early nineties , whether that by the obnoxious blue bowling suit worn by the dude 's main competitor jesus quintana ( john turturro ) , or the strikingly manic dream sequences , one of which involves the dizzy spectacle of watching a strike from a bowling ball 's point of view . 
one of hollywood 's most underrated actors -- in the best stoned performance since sean penn stumbled through the halls of ridgemont high . 
the coens fill the screen with lighting , set design , music , and hilarious performances from all the leads , especially bridges and the always reliable john goodman , who shows real comic timing in his untimely ' nam - inspired outbursts and his intense dedication to his adopted judaism . 
the film was shot by veteran cinematographer roger deakins , who has worked with the coens on three other films , 
the acting is top notch , and the three principles - smith , hackman , and voight - are generally more mature and excellent all around . 
smith puts aside the wisecracking act and becomes a normal human being ; voight tones down the amount of sneer he puts into his character for greater ominpotence ; and hackman is simply over the top in the mysterioso role . 
enemy of the state also features an unprecedented use of amazing cinematography -- director of photography daniel mindel throws a staggering amount of different views , angles , lenses , and film stocks at the audience that goes a long way toward involving the audience in the movie 
smith 's regular joe comes off particularly well , as he runs from authorties for reasons that he knows not . 
that vibrant spirit is present here , shown in well - timed and carefully planned chase scenes that give the movie an aura of sheer speed . 
this is , for the holiday crowd , the hot ticket ; as well as anyone looking for a serving of genuine action in a market that is otherwise lacking . 
the supports are also in fine form , lending credibility to the main roles and advancing the plot in key areas . 
enemy of the state also features an unprecedented use of amazing cinematography -- director of photography daniel mindel throws a staggering amount of different views , angles , lenses , and film stocks at the audience that goes a long way toward involving the audience in the movie 
the acting is top notch , and the three principles - smith , hackman , and voight - are generally more mature and excellent all around . 
this is , for the holiday crowd , the hot ticket ; as well as anyone looking for a serving of genuine action in a market that is otherwise lacking . 
enemy is truly a visual experience , and that 's only one of the reasons it 's such a fun watch . 
it 's a film with a lot of flash , but very little actual substance . 
on the slick side , many of the special effects are really cool 
having said that , the special effects in this movie were amazing , and the overall look and feel were also way above average . 
the acting is ok , and i was especially surprised at the solid performance by tv friend 's matt leblanc who shows us all that he 's definitely more than just a pretty face . 
overall , if you 're a big sci - fi fan , check this movie out for the special effects and challenging narrative , and if you 're not , i would still suggest seeing this movie , but then you could probably wait until it comes out on video so that you forward past some of the boring parts . 
you really felt like you were in the future , and riding through space with these poor souls . 
( the sequence in which the family is " paralyzed " during the hyper - drive is awesome , and the animated monkey that joins the family halfway through the flic is mucho cool ) , the credit presentation at the end of the film is slamming , and 
( the sequence in which the family is " paralyzed " during the hyper - drive is awesome , and the animated monkey that joins the family halfway through the flic is mucho cool ) , the credit presentation at the end of the film is slamming , and 
( the sequence in which the family is " paralyzed " during the hyper - drive is awesome , and the animated monkey that joins the family halfway through the flic is mucho cool ) , the credit presentation at the end of the film is slamming , and 
the adventures that they fall into are somewhat thrilling 
we got ta give them credit for " trying " to develop characters in a sci - fi pic ) , the story line is hard to follow , the evil character in the movie actually tells people that he 's " evil " , and the movie goes on for about 20 minutes too long . 
overall , if you 're a big sci - fi fan , check this movie out for the special effects and challenging narrative , and if you 're not , i would still suggest seeing this movie , but then you could probably wait until it comes out on video so that you forward past some of the boring parts . 
as technically adept as jeunet 's direction is , perhaps his ( and , for that matter , whedon 's ) 
the violence is appropriately grisly and extreme , and the action set pieces are suspenseful and exciting , most notably an extended underwater sequence . 
despite the odds , they have succeeded , even if the entertaining new installment does not measure up to the excellent first two . 
the alien , after all these years , is still terrifying , and a new breed that is introduced is no less so . 
despite the odds , they have succeeded , even if the entertaining new installment does not measure up to the excellent first two . 
the formula is tried - and - true for a reason , and jeunet tackles the proceedings with giddy abandon . 
a quick , easy , and painless answer to the dead ripley problem -- clone her , which is what shady military scientists do using some blood left behind on fiorina 161 , the prison planet of the third film . 
greatest contribution is the infusion of humor into this notably downbeat and serious series . 
just adds to the fun . 
but after the dauntingly slow gloom and doom of fincher 's alien3 , jeunet 's resurrection is a welcome return to its roots as a wild , reckless thrill ride . 
the film is absolutely mesmerizing visually , thanks to the solid work done by production designer nigel phelps and cinematographer darius khondji . 
toy story 2 " is strong in characterization , and is able to expand on what we saw in the first movie . 
it 's yet another sign that pixar , the acclaimed animation studio behind " toy story " and " a bug 's life , " is still at the top of its game . 
it 's the rare sequel that manages to expand on , and live up to , the original . 
thankfully , " toy story 2 " is a wonderful exception . 
the new characters are also developed quite well , especially jesse , who narrates a sarah mclachlan - aided flashback illustrating how she was loved , then forgotten by her owner . 
it 's yet another sign that pixar , the acclaimed animation studio behind " toy story " and " a bug 's life , " is still at the top of its game . 
as in the original film , " toy story 2 " contains first - rate animation , and pixar studios has done a remarkable job improving on the impressive work they did there . 
toy story 2 " is also remarkable for the way in which it keeps reinventing itself . 
the reason " toy story 2 " works where other movie sequels fail is that it refuses to just capitalize on the original 's success by re - doing the same story and using the same characters . 
as in the original film , " toy story 2 " contains first - rate animation , and pixar studios has done a remarkable job improving on the impressive work they did there . 
the colors are bright , the textures sharp , and even the human characters look more " human . 
the action is fast and furious , and the chases ( in the street , in a toy store , in an elevator , on a baggage carousel , and in an airplane ) keep getting bigger and better . 
the action is fast and furious , and the chases ( in the street , in a toy store , in an elevator , on a baggage carousel , and in an airplane ) keep getting bigger and better . 
it may be computer - animated , and it may have sappy music , but it 's downright touching . 
the script , despite having a story and screenplay each credited to four different writers , is endlessly clever and inventive , especially considering that it 's a sequel . 
there are so many impressive sequences that i 'd find it impossible to list them here , but i was particularly wowed by a scene where buzz and his cohorts must get across a busy intersection to get to al ' s 
there is always another clever idea waiting just around the corner here . 
i ca n't remember the last time i saw a sequel as consistently fun and inventive as this one . 
the humor is sharp and witty , with something to amuse both kids and adults . 
it 's a fair bet that the whole family will have smiles on their collective faces after seeing " toy story 2 . 
all the cast members from the original reprise their roles , and each is excellent . 
the film is well worth seeing on the big screen . 
toy story 2 " never grows stagnant , because there is always something new to hold your interest . the more you pay attention to it , the more rewarding it is . it 's rare to see a film like " toy story 2 " come along , because it 's the kind of film that 's almost impossible to dislike . it 's created purely to entertain , and though i enjoy a thought - provoking drama as much as the next person , it 's nice to see that films are still trying to do exactly what movies first tried to do : send us out with a smile . 
pixar 's rendition of the family dog is also nicely done , with fur so realistic you almost feel you could reach out and touch it . 
" the animation is consistently seamless , with the action fast and furious and the facial expressions believable . 
there are so many impressive sequences that i 'd find it impossible to list them here , but i was particularly wowed by a scene where buzz and his cohorts must get across a busy intersection to get to al ' s 
the voice work is also perfectly complementary , and as with the first movie , does much to help further character development . 
several new voices have been added , with joan cusack , kelsey grammer , and wayne knight doing fine work . 
the movie is always clear on where it 's going , and always makes sense . 
the movie 's biggest strength is that it fact makes sense . 
but the movie far from the eye popping delights of the quick and the dead , instead raimi has made a more constrained film -- which probably is for the better . 
rockwell , an independent film veteran , plays his role as wild bill wharton to perfection . 
the green mile " is so good following the rough beginning , that when the pivotal moment at the very end finally comes , it is almost impossible not to feel some sort of sadness for every person in this scene . fighting back tears was a difficult task that i barely succeeded in doing . if you survive the first third of " the green mile " sit back and enjoy the remainder for some priceless entertainment . 
it is simply amazing 
frank darabont , who masterfully followed a prisoner 's story in " the shawshank redemption " , this time follows the perspective of a prison guard , paul edgecomb ( tom hanks ) . 
the three hour running is perfect for plot development 
the last noteworthy performance belongs to duncan , as the enormous convicted killer john coffey who happens to hold the power of curing the ill . 
it would come as no surprise if hutchinson was nominated for an academy award as best supporting actor , not only because he did a wonderful job as wetmore , but also because he stole every scene he was in away from veteran oscar winner 
the more unique characters perfectly create friction on the green mile and make the story interesting and exciting . 
this irritation he creates makes his performance so believable . 
the speed in " the green mile " is perfect . 
however , as the film begins to specifically introduce more characters , such as coffey and eduard delacroix ( michael jeter ) as well as the five prison guards , the film becomes more interesting . 
the more unique characters perfectly create friction on the green mile and make the story interesting and exciting . 
hanks , david morse and barry pepper as guards are wonderful and are fitting for their roles 
however , as the plot begins to progress , the film turns into pure perfection with outstanding performances and wonderful direction . 
from an evil prison guard to an evil prisoner , " the green mile " is successful in creating sympathy for kind - hearted hard working guards and hard thinking prisoners . 
fighting back tears was a difficult task that i barely succeeded in doing . if you survive the first third of " the green mile " sit back and enjoy the remainder for some priceless entertainment . 
the performances by veterans and new comers to back up these original characters are superb . the ensemble acting in the film is perfect . 
duncan does a wonderful job playing a frightened child - like behemoth , very similar to lennie small in of mice and men . 
the green mile " is so good following the rough beginning , that when the pivotal moment at the very end finally comes , it is almost impossible not to feel some sort of sadness for every person in this scene . 
. scenes flow into the next scene like honey oozing off a strawberry . 
the direction and cinematography are brilliant and liquid 
you 'll appreciate the filmmaking craft , but do n't expect to leave in an upbeat mood . 
both are suitably melancholy , fitting in with the rest of the film . 
both are suitably melancholy , fitting in with the rest of the film . 
you would n't expect something bright and cheery based on robert louis stevenson 's novel , but the film is surprisingly dreary and dismal . 
a beautiful film in its own dreary way . 
roberts and malkovich are skillful in their roles . 
damon jones shows a raw energy that many actors ca n't seem to summon these days and his performance seems nothing less than powerful . 
it is this bleak ending that carries the film 's most powerful message : the message that , despite what you may be able to momentarily do to put your own mind to rest , evil will still be with us ( and in many forms ) and there is very little than can be done to eradicate it entirely . 
wilson 's character is pure hatred and he brings out this hate perfectly . 
the cast of this film is absolutely remarkable . 
his initial reaction to hearing about his girlfriend 's suicide is one of the most affecting scenes i have ever seen in a film . 
kret 's film is a wake up call to a generation and his message is a powerful one . 
ward showed immense promise and he will be greatly missed . 
david lee is accurately evil as the second in command skinhead who also makes extra money performing oral sex on other men ( an irony that seems lost on the other skinheads ) . 
in her first role following her oscar win for 1999 's " boys do n't cry , " hilary swank is excellent as the confused valerie , who seeks guidance from annie , but is too scared to take her biggest advice of all : to leave the grossly abusive donnie . 
blanchett takes the unextraordinary material and runs with it , giving the entire film a truly classy aura that it otherwise might not have had . 
slowly enveloping the viewer into the many intriguing characters and their individual plights , the disappearance of jessica at the 30-minute mark divulges the movie 's true intentions and transforms the proceedings into a taut , at times frightening , horror - mystery . 
at the center of the film is the exceptional cate blanchett ( 1999 's " the talented mr . 
thanks to cleverly construed editing by arthur coburn and bob murawski , and the successful use of different eerie sounds effects and a very good music score by christopher young , the movie not only achieves a scary undercurrent , but one that is filled with dread . helped along by a strong screenplay by billy bob thornton and tom epperson , which makes the most of its setting and delightful cast , " the gift " is 
the gift " may be cliched on a sheer storytelling level , but the performances and tight direction from raimi ( who has redeemed himself for his embarrassing last film , 1999 's " for love of the game " ) lift the picture up several notches . 
ripley " ) , who turns annie wilson from what could have been little more than a run - of - the - mill protagonist into a very exact , down - to - earth , realistic person with valid troubles and a caring attitude towards those around her . 
in the small , but pivotal role of the sleazy jessica king , katie holmes ( 2000 's " wonder boys " ) has turned in yet another stunning supporting turn . 
blanchett is n't the only bright performer , as she is ably supported by one of the best casts of the year . 
the film ultimately should n't work , but it does , thanks to a sparkling cast that fills each character with so many memorable nuances , the most fun to be had is in simply watching the people interact with each other 
thanks to cleverly construed editing by arthur coburn and bob murawski , and the successful use of different eerie sounds effects and a very good music score by christopher young , the movie not only achieves a scary undercurrent , but one that is filled with dread . helped along by a strong screenplay by billy bob thornton and tom epperson , which makes the most of its setting and delightful cast , " the gift " is 
the gift " may be cliched on a sheer storytelling level , but the performances and tight direction from raimi ( who has redeemed himself for his embarrassing last film , 1999 's " for love of the game " ) lift the picture up several notches . 
finally , kim dickens ( 2000 's " hollow man " ) makes her usual strong impression as annie 's spicy best friend , linda . 
thanks to cleverly construed editing by arthur coburn and bob murawski , and the successful use of different eerie sounds effects and a very good music score by christopher young , the movie not only achieves a scary undercurrent , but one that is filled with dread . helped along by a strong screenplay by billy bob thornton and tom epperson , which makes the most of its setting and delightful cast , " the gift " is 
as donnie , keanu reeves ( 2000 's " the watcher " ) makes an utterly convincing backwoods meanie , so much so that it is difficult to believe he is an actor at all 
thanks to cleverly construed editing by arthur coburn and bob murawski , and the successful use of different eerie sounds effects and a very good music score by christopher young , the movie not only achieves a scary undercurrent , but one that is filled with dread . helped along by a strong screenplay by billy bob thornton and tom epperson , which makes the most of its setting and delightful cast , " the gift " is 
it may not be groundbreakingly original , but it sure is an entertaining ride for the duration of its running time . 
she is radiant in her few scenes . 
as donnie , keanu reeves ( 2000 's " the watcher " ) makes an utterly convincing backwoods meanie , so much so that it is difficult to believe he is an actor at all 
that rarest of thrillers that actually thrills , and offers up a fair share of chills , too . 
we follow her at every turn because she is so mesmerizing , both as a character and an actress . 
giovanni ribisi ( 2000 's " the boiler room " ) is heartbreaking as a mentally slow young man who sees annie as his only friend , and wants her to do nothing but help him understand why he is being plagued by bad dreams about his dad . 
for the often - criticized reeves , whose acting abilities have never been the best , this is the biggest compliment he could possibly get , and it is also one of the better performances he has given . 
" spy kids " is a welcome antidote to the repellent " see spot run , " using imagination instead of cruelty and crudeness . 
it is easier to follow 
bathroom humor is kept to a minimum and the numerous well - staged action scenes avoid excessive violence . 
make an agreeable brother and sister team , squabbling the way kids do , but coming together when it counts . 
the movie is smart , zippy fun . 
a virtual cloud - backed chat between his character and juni is one of the best segments in the film . 
" spy kids " is a welcome antidote to the repellent " see spot run , " using imagination instead of cruelty and crudeness . 
a bit less action and a little more character development would have been nice , but he does provide enough quiet moments for viewers to become fully invested in the family . 
they move from one colorful locale to another , including a nifty virtual reality room reminiscent of the holodeck from " star trek . 
antonio banderas and carla gugino are even better as the parents ; they quickly establish and maintain a great lusty chemistry while keeping their tongues properly in cheek during the action scenes . 
director robert rodriguez ( " from dusk to dawn " ) maintains a frenetic pace , with the whole film clocking in at a mere 86 minutes . 
what a relief it is to be able to review an all - ages film on its artistic merits and not its ethics . 
regardless , " spy kids " is a hoot , offering fun for adults and children alike . 
even the usually irritating alan cumming has some nice moments ? 
of all the films i 've come to see this year ( 1997 ) , i think only chasing amy had as many " laugh - out - loud " moments 
i 'm not saying that i was hysterically rolling on the floor while watching waiting for guffman , but my mouth burst open with at least a delighted guffaw at least every couple of minutes . 
like a play , this film gives a very three - act feel , the intros ( funny , but almost too long ) , the rehearsals ( even funnier ) , and finally , the actual performance of the play ( excellent ! ) . 
it 's actually quite humorous and tastefully done ! 
although levy stands out , guest , willard , o'hara , and posey are all wonderful and definitely should be commended for their performances ! if there was an oscar for an ensemble performance , this is the group that should sweep it . 
and even with silly lyrics , the original songs when the play is finally put on , are absolutely wonderful ! 
it 's always really nice to see a comedy that is n't all slapstick and vulgarity , and this film is one of the better ones of the better ones ! 
everybody in this movie is brilliant , absolutely so , but levy particularly stands out . 
even they way they talk , with awkward pauses and stumbles that do n't feel staged at all , you feel like you 're watching a real , albeit funny , documentary . 
usually all you can get out of me is a warm smile , so to get me laughing out loud , and so frequently , is a really good sign . 
it 's silly humor , but it 's also so dry , subtle , and intelligently done that you 're not insulted by it . 
although levy stands out , guest , willard , o'hara , and posey are all wonderful and definitely should be commended for their performances ! if there was an oscar for an ensemble performance , this is the group that should sweep it . 
like a play , this film gives a very three - act feel , the intros ( funny , but almost too long ) , the rehearsals ( even funnier ) , and finally , the actual performance of the play ( excellent ! ) . 
although levy stands out , guest , willard , o'hara , and posey are all wonderful and definitely should be commended for their performances ! if there was an oscar for an ensemble performance , this is the group that should sweep it . 
some humor was a tad uneven from the rest of the film and , even after starting very humorously , they nearly lost me with the tad - too - long intros . as delightful as it was , it began to get monotonous . 
like a play , this film gives a very three - act feel , the intros ( funny , but almost too long ) , the rehearsals ( even funnier ) , and finally , the actual performance of the play ( excellent ! ) . 
i 'd recommend seeing it ! 
the outstanding performance of the film belongs to robin williams , whose sean is sad and wise , funny and somber . 
culls genuine emotion from his actors , and this results in several affecting and powerful scenes . there 's an edginess to some of the sean / will therapy sessions , and 
in essence , good will hunting is an ordinary story told well . taken as a whole , there 's little that 's special about this tale -- it follows a traditional narrative path , leaves the audience with a warm , fuzzy feeling , and never really challenges or surprises us . 
( alongside what he did in the fisher king ) , williams ' portrayal could earn him a best supporting actor oscar nomination . adequate support is provided by ben affleck ( chasing amy ) and stellan skarsgard ( breaking the waves ) . 
likewise , the companionability of damon and affleck is apparent in the easygoing nature of will and chuckie 's friendship . 
( alongside what he did in the fisher king ) , williams ' portrayal could earn him a best supporting actor oscar nomination . adequate support is provided by ben affleck ( chasing amy ) and stellan skarsgard ( breaking the waves ) . 
the characters are well - developed , however , and there are times when the dialogue positively sparkles 
matt damon , who recently starred as the idealistic young lawyer in the rainmaker , is solid 
many of the individual scenes are strong enough to earn good will hunting a recommendation , even if the overall story is somewhat generic . 
minnie driver ( last seen in grosse pointe blank ) adds another strong performance to a growing resume 
arguably the best dramatic work in the actor 's career 
" later , will gives a brilliant , breathless diatribe against the nsa that has the rhythm of something written by kevin smith . 
so , while good will hunting is far from a late - year masterpiece , it 's a worthwhile sample of entertainment . 
the offscreen chemistry between matt damon and minnie driver ( who became romantically linked while making this film ) translates effectively to the movie 
but it 's intelligently written ( with dialogue that is occasionally brilliant ) , strongly directed , and nicely acted 
good will hunting does both , and , as a result , earns a rating commensurate with the " good " in the title . 
i 'm thrilled that paramount agrees with me that clue is a film worthy of being preserved on this great digital format . 
clue is an unfairly ignored comedy , very similar to 1976 's murder by death . 
sometimes steals the film away from the rest . and colleen camp , as the french maid yvette , displays some of her natural talents as well . 
sometimes steals the film away from the rest . and colleen camp , as the french maid yvette , displays some of her natural talents as well . 
the cast ( all very good comedic talents ) play well off one another , while the late madeline kahn ( as the dark and sultry mrs . 
the picture and sound are wonderfully improved over my worn out vhs copy , and 
i 'm thrilled that paramount agrees with me that clue is a film worthy of being preserved on this great digital format . 
while not as witty as neil simon 's murder by death , clue definitely has it moments . 
while keaton , boyle , and furst are good , it 's christopher lloyd who really makes the movie special . lloyd gives yet another outstanding comic performance . 
well cast 
the dream team is a solid comedy with more depth and drama than you might expect from its simple premise . 
the movie 's charm derives mostly from the camaraderie and chemistry between its delightful cast . the four leads in the film play off each other quite effectively ; they never miss an opportunity to argue , bicker , or insult one another . 
the dream team is a thoroughly entertaining comedy featuring four loveable characters who just happen to be slightly insane . 
the characters are so appealing that you can excuse the film for its often outlandish and unbelievable plot . 
as the divinely jack , peter boyle succeeds in keeping his one - dimensional character funny and fresh . 
the actors in the dream team have a lot of fun with their characters and with each other . 
as billy ; he gives his cynical character considerable complexity . 
lloyd 's brilliant performance yields a pathetic , moving , and memorable character . 
his body language ( for example , the way he walks ) and his facial expressions are perfectly suited to his compulsive character . 
in one of critics ' polls the right stuff was named as one among top 10 films made in 1980s . 
this contrast is underlined with the beautifully edited sequence - while yeager conducts his final and most spectacular test flight in absolute obscurity , " mercury " astronauts receive fame and fortune , although some of them even before going in the space . those contrasts and similar effects are achieved with kaufman 's superb use of poetic movie language . 
the plot is almost non - existent and not very coherent ; the story , featuring many interesting incidents and anecdotes , shifts focus from the old generation of test pilots , embodied in yeager , to new generation of the astronauts . 
another fine contribution of this film is " oscar " -awarded musical score by bill conti ; i still tremble from excitement 
kaufman left room for female talents to excel too - barbara hershey , pamela reed , veronica cartwright and mary jo deschanel are great as pilots ' wives . 
royal dano is also impressive as menacing figure of preacher , but the most memorable performances belong to donald moffat as vice - president lyndon b . johnson and jane dornacker as nurse murch . 
editing is great , and photography by caleb deschanel provides many memorable scenes like the funeral in the desert or astronauts in their suits walking in slow motion ( the same image would be copied in many latter films ) . 
young dennis quaid is more than fine as arrogant fighter jock gordo cooper , and this arrogance is mirrored in his friend and most tragic figure of virgil grissom , superbly played by fred ward . always reliable character actor scott glenn provides some comic relief as navy aviator and ( arguably ) first american man in space alan shepard . 
but this film , sentimental reminder of the times " when future began " , perhaps could encourage at least some of them to follow " mercury " astronauts ' footsteps seek new frontiers in the sky . 
royal dano is also impressive as menacing figure of preacher , but the most memorable performances belong to donald moffat as vice - president lyndon b . johnson and jane dornacker as nurse murch . 
shepard 's performance is followed with great acting by ed harris as clean - cut marine ( and future politician ) john glenn . 
that gave opportunity for kaufman to use multitude of great acting talents , until that specialised only for bit or character roles . 
kaufman left room for female talents to excel too - barbara hershey , pamela reed , veronica cartwright and mary jo deschanel are great as pilots ' wives . 
on the surface , he lacks personality compared with his hyped and more fortunate astronaut colleagues , but shepard gives texture to this character with subtle gestures and phrases . 
this contrast is underlined with the beautifully edited sequence - while yeager conducts his final and most spectacular test flight in absolute obscurity , " mercury " astronauts receive fame and fortune , although some of them even before going in the space . those contrasts and similar effects are achieved with kaufman 's superb use of poetic movie language . 
this film is great , and its cult status is well deserved , but there are some minor flaws . 
those effects are excellent and they can still fool the audience accustomed to cgi and real footage of earth from outer space . 
another fine contribution of this film is " oscar " -awarded musical score by bill conti ; i still tremble from excitement 
but the real reason lies in the fact that it was made by truly remarkable and talented filmmaker . 
young dennis quaid is more than fine as arrogant fighter jock gordo cooper , and this arrogance is mirrored in his friend and most tragic figure of virgil grissom , superbly played by fred ward . always reliable character actor scott glenn provides some comic relief as navy aviator and ( arguably ) first american man in space alan shepard . 
and even if they decide to stay on earth , they could still appreciate the right stuff as an extraordinary piece of cinema . 
great acting talent assembled for this film was mirrored with kaufman 's superb direction . most notable of all is the methods kaufman uses in order to suggest the passage of time . 
there are some truly suspenseful and well - created scenes here ( late in the film , when they 're in the alien spacecraft , you 'll see one of the better action sequences in recent cinema ) . 
thankfully , the makers managed to do it right . 
there are some truly suspenseful and well - created scenes here ( late in the film , when they 're in the alien spacecraft , you 'll see one of the better action sequences in recent cinema ) . 
the special effects are very good , and the production design by christopher nowak is fantastic . 
duchovny has so much presence , and is just a fun guy to watch . 
fans of the show will know what to expect , and i seriously doubt any of them being disappointed with the film . director rob bowman has done a great job expanding the eerie feeling of the show to the big screen , making small adjustments and minor changes to utilize the possibilities that film allows over television . 
what really makes the series shine , however , are the actors . 
i enthusiastically recommend the x - files , both for fans and non - fans . 
it takes a lot of thought and understanding of the series to create a film using roots as complicated as the ones that the series provides , and then create a coherent film that anyone can understand clearly . 
the x - files is impressive in concept , as well : fans of the series are likely to be highly critical , and to take the premise beyond the series is a risky move . 
this film should satisfy where most of the others leave you completely dry . it 's an intelligent film , and takes you places that you might not have been 
anderson is equally good , and paralyzingly beautiful ; she 's also a strong actress . 
the film is like a two - hour episode , except that there are a lot more special effects , the plot is thicker , and the resolution is more satisfying . this is a terrific film , both for fans of the series and for those who have never seen it ( i imagine that viewers unfamiliar with the show will find the film to be solid and riveting entertainment ) . i expected to like it more than any episode i 've seen , and my expectations were met . 
it 's nice to see a risk pay off for a change . 
the final scene , involving mortizen and everyone else , is utterly devastating , thanks to him and thomsen , whose performance is utterly flawless and equally emotionally complex . everyone else is flawless as well - the actors never seem to be stepping into the shoes of their characters as much as they do walking comfortably in them . 
as such , " the celebration " may be the one truly bizarro film of the year : a work of art so eerily close to reality that it 's utterly disturbing and utterly fascinating . 
i have not seen " breaking the waves , " the other notable film by a member of this group ( lars von trier , to be exact ) , but " the celebration " works exquisitely in this department . 
the celebration " is great because it 's chock full of those . 
the final scene , involving mortizen and everyone else , is utterly devastating , thanks to him and thomsen , whose performance is utterly flawless and equally emotionally complex . 
i prefer films like these because these are what the best kind of films are like . 
you just ca n't help but be totally drawn into its story and shocked by every single turn that occurs . 
so goddam interesting that if you were to ever feel bored , then you 're of your attention span needs a bit of a tuning - up . 
throughout the film , we see a completely realized debate over the truth and the effects it has on the lives of those who have learned to live with lies , a debate so three - dimensional that it could easily blow oliver stone and his the - truth - at - all - costs reasoning out of the water 
so completely realistic that everything that occurs is as memorable as the little instances of life that catch your attention and stay with you for the rest of your life . 
it 's all terribly interesting to watch . 
we see key moments in people 's lives that they would n't dare show to the world , and it captures the farscial comedy of life so accurately and acutely that this style , as ironically - showmanship as it really is , works perfectly for the nature of the film . 
but then again , the father , after all , is not a totally bad guy , and we can see the emotional complications that arise thanks to a performance by mortizen which is just so great and touching that while we do believe that he could have raped his children years earlier 
all the same , " shrek " does represent murphy 's best comic outing in years , and as donkey he steals all the best lines . 
" shrek " takes great pleasure in lampooning fairy tales and nursery rhymes of all sorts , and reserves a few delightful knocks at disney in the bargain 
but even then , one can always sit back and enjoy the beautiful computer animation , whose remarkable use here represents yet another dazzling leap forward for the technology . 
for instance , after getting belted with pixie dust while trying to conceal his nature as a magical creature , donkey soars into the air and scoffs , " now i 'm a flying talking donkey ! " and despite its many contributors , the script for " shrek " is full of such comic gems . 
myers is delightful in more of a straight man role , and lithgow also gets some great moments 
matthew broderick could n't have been any more perfect for this role . 
of the two acting jobs , broderick 's is far superior . 
this production is a dark , and frighteningly realistic one that does so much more than entertain for the 103 minutes it occupies ; it shocks as well . 
broderick and witherspoon are simply at their best when they are playing off each other in various scenes . 
she is just marvelous as her hatred towards what she thinks to be an unjust system is expressed . 
but that is far from apparent as everyone takes control of their part . 
that is much of this film 's beauty , it does n't have the typical good guys that hollywood likes , instead it is a realistic portrayal of the real world , specializing in revealing the type of sexual perversions that people usually keep to themselves . 
that is much of this film 's beauty , it does n't have the typical good guys that hollywood likes , instead it is a realistic portrayal of the real world , specializing in revealing the type of sexual perversions that people usually keep to themselves . 
it 's interesting to see that this movie was one of future oscar winner susan sarandon 's ( dead man walking ) 
if you want to see a different film , watch this one ! ! 
tim curry ( home alone 2 , legend ) is over - the - top as frank n . 
the rocky horror picture show , recently re - released in a ' special edition ' to video , is the mother of all cult films . period . 
the acting is pretty good overall . 
fans of these sorts of movies will be laughing at every other second at all the ' hidden jokes ' they missed the first time around while normal movie watchers will look at them like they 're insane . 
even the singer meatloaf is in it ! ! the songs are all very good 
the money was obviously well - spent . the costumes look great , the sets look great , the cgi graphics look great . i especially liked the expensive little touches , like spending tons of money on authentic titanic china only to break it all on the floor as the ship sinks . 
" dicaprio is a revelation . 
much has been made of the humongous cost of the production , and all of the care than went into making the huge luxury liner come alive again . 
that work incredibly well . 
the performances are the key here . zane has the meatiest part in the movie , and he plays the arrogant , condescending steel millionaire to the hilt . 
does a phenomenal job in a brief role , narrating the story of her experience to a stunned paxton and his roughneck crew . 
titanic is a great movie in its own right , complete with spills , thrills and ( especially ) chills . 
dicaprio exhibits an infectious joy at being alive , and being on the titanic , that it 's hard not to like him 
titanic takes revolutionary steps forward in seamlessly integrating computer graphic design with actors . 
from the moment that the ship leaves port until it hits the iceberg , dicaprio has to carry the movie and keep our interest , and he never falters . 
winslet and dicaprio develop a chemistry that manages to propel the movie along until the ship hits the iceberg . 
cameron wisely chooses to stick with rose and jack , while paying scant heed to the celebrities on board . 
as rose and jack race around the doomed ship , looking for shelter from the freezing water and cal 's fiery temper , winslet turns in a superb acting performance , mixing courage and compassion and anger with sheer shrieking terror . 
winslet 's character grows up a lot during the movie , and so does her performance 
gwtw places america 's greatest tragedy in the background of a classic love story , titanic does the same with the atlantic 's most legendary tragedy . 
he succeeds masterfully . 
the supporting cast is professional , but mostly anonymous -- other than kathy bates as the unsinkable molly brown , there 's no moment when you stop and say , oh , 
cameron has clearly fallen in love with titanic , and shows her in every mood -- as a deserted wreck , down in the boiler room , up on the bridge , down in the hold , at the captain 's table , down in steerage -- and manages to bring the great ship back from the dead . cameron 's greatest gift is that he allows us to fall in love with titanic as well . 
sinise is perfect as the driven scheming sleezebag is right on the mark . 
" one of the nicest elements of this film is that most of the characters actually have personalities . 
the casting is what puts this film over the top . 
of course there are still a few big guns in this film , but there 's some accomplished acting too . 
gibson 's break - down on the balcony of their penthouse apartment is especially effective . it 's one of the best filmed representations of a man 's world falling apart that i 've seen 
" one of the nicest elements of this film is that most of the characters actually have personalities . 
the trio of gibson , the kidnappers ' mastermind ( gary sinise ) and fbi team leader ( delroy lindo ) play off of each other wonderfully . 
mullen 's wife ( rene russo ) has several good moments , but occasionally just seems to be there . 
i 'm afraid that his talents are so understated that he may have to wait till his hip needs replacing to be offered such an award worthy of his considerable talent . 
he 's not a brand name , and his movies usually are n't big moneymakers , but in his own unassuming way he 's kind of a genius . 
it 's not quite as entertaining or as funny as that film , but as it progresses in its meandering fashion , the movie cast something of a spell over me 
high fidelity works almost entirely on the strength of its characters and performances . 
but cusack really does deserve an award , for being so damn ? ? ? 
still manages to work its desired comic effect . 
john cusack is the kind of actor who seems to effortlessly slide into his respective film roles . 
though that plot - line is mostly enjoyable , the thing i liked the most about the film is how much pleasure it offers in introducing us to minor characters , all of whom ( now this is really something ) are terrific enough to warrant their own films . 
despite the fact that nearly every character he plays is a variation of the character before it ( the schlumpy every man ) , he 's a constantly enjoyable screen persona , like albert brooks or woody allen . 
though that plot - line is mostly enjoyable , the thing i liked the most about the film is how much pleasure it offers in introducing us to minor characters , all of whom ( now this is really something ) are terrific enough to warrant their own films . the best of which is jack black ( of the very funny show tenacious d , a program that sadly went the way of bruce willis ' hair ? ? ? 
high fidelity is his second collaboration with hit or miss english director stephan fears ( the grifters , the hi - lo country ) , and it 's a hit 
it began to grow on me due almost entirely to cusack 's witty delivery . 
i 'm not sure which is the better movie , but i did leave the theater convinced of one thing : sequels , however much randy might argue , do not necessarily suck . 
it does a better job delivering the genuine scares and asking the questions about media violence that were only hinted at in the first installment . 
couple that with the fact that several of the characters , most notably the lead character sidney prescott ( neve campbell ) , are fairly well - developed and that there are some genuine moments of spine - chilling suspense , and what we have is a pretty darned good horror movie in its own right 
while i have not seen any of his other work , it 's easy to see why craven is generally touted as the most sophisticated " slasher film " director , as he clearly cares about something more than just the actual acts of slashing . 
although resident horror film geek randy ( jamie kennedy ) is back with fresh dialogue about sequels ( and , interestingly enough , how they are usually inferior to their predecessors ) , the characters in this movie are drawing from other entries in the pop culture encyclopedia as well . 
it 's written and directed by relatively unknowns , simon beaufoy and peter cattaneo , who both turned up oscar nominations . 
its been rumored that this film may be the second most profitable movie of the year ! and to think its about male exotic dancers , and not sinking ships . 
while the full monty is a great lighthearted comedy , it does n't carry the social impact of the brilliant trainspotting . 
the full monty is a whole lot of fun , its wacky , witty , and original . 
still , the full monty is a great film , a must see ! 
as i said before this is a fun movie , and not just that its really artistically good . the writing and direction are great . the acting is appealing , all the performances have a human quality to them , so you can relate to at least one of the characters . the full monty received four oscar nominations including best picture . which left me wondering one thing , why did n't trainspotting get a best picture nomination last year ? 
loren dean gives a nice performance in his well - developed character . dean is also responsible for some of the most suspenseful scenes in the movie . 
ethan hawke has developed into a handsome adult actor , giving his best performance of his lifetime so far . 
gore vidal and xander berkeley both provide some very good supporting roles , and berkeley also gives a heartfelt discussion towards the end of the film . 
the sets are very well done , creating a futuristic sense , but not too futuristic as to alienate viewers . 
however , with all the mindless science fiction films out there , it is nice to have a film which does n't talk down to its audience 
the power of the actors brings a lot of credibility to flat characters . 
the orange glow of gattaca 's scenes are impressive , but the sets deserve most of the credit . 
jude law gives the most complex performance of the film with the most disturbingly realistic character . he provides several nice touches , and his final scene is a very touching and heartwrenching one . 
gore vidal and xander berkeley both provide some very good supporting roles , and berkeley also gives a heartfelt discussion towards the end of the film . 
most of the concepts of this movie are based on recent discoveries in genetic engineering . using this premise , writer / director andrew niccol creates some genuine suspense and thrills . 
her character is slightly underdeveloped , but the story is n't about her . however , thurman gives a lot of depth to the flat character . 
the best thing , however , is the plot . the story is more than your average sci - fi / thriller . at its heart , it develops a theme which is never overpowering but is always present . 
the orange glow of gattaca 's scenes are impressive , but the sets deserve most of the credit . 
niccol 's intelligent script handles all these questions extremely well , and the result is an incredibly smart thriller set against a dramatic story , or vice versa . 
hopefully more writers and directors will learn from gattaca . . . 
the second best thing about gattaca is the production design by jan roelfs . 
( i especially like the ironic title and how it consists of the four letters which make up the genetic coding : g , t , c , and a ) . instead , it provides some much needed entertainment which gives us science fiction fanatics just what we want : a science fiction film with morals behind it . 
niccol 's film deserves more than what independence day made because it is smarter , better produced , and more realistic . 
these little contrivances , however , do not hold a candle to the overall effect of the work . 
the final result effortlessly combines the emotional happy ending of a mainstream picture with a gnawing discomfort that hits you square in the gut . upon leaving the theater , i was looking up in the sky , wondering if it was nothing more than a gigantic dome . 
it was weir 's first stroke of genius to create seahaven : a suburban paradise / prison that would make spielberg cower in shame . 
_ the truman show _ is the most perplexing , crazed , paranoid and rib - tickling morality play i 've seen since i - don't - know - when . 
dalloway ) as carrey 's true " forbidden love " , sylvia , very effective in another pivotal small role . 
the nicest touch are the plethora of subtle hints for truman to _ not _ leave the island . 
better in a smaller , more pivotal role is ed harris as christof , who mixes the right amount of his apollo 13 " work the problem , people " character with dustin hoffman 's megaglomaniac producer in _ 
it does however , prove to be a refreshing follow - up within the genre , full of visual thrills , suspense and believe it or not , humour ! 
, pure entertainment . 
jackson ( fresh from his jedi master role in the phantom menace ) , takes on the dark - side force of a different kind and fits well with his wise - cracking lines . 
with the flexibility offered by cgi , the sharks get more full - length screen time as their predecessors did in those remote - controlled rubber suit days . 
he creates one of the best screen villains in recent years . 
sarossy who directs spent most of his career as a cinematographer and like the kingpin 's lair , he has molded images of class and style out of the darkness . by using semi - darkness and letting the colors of deep blue and black dominate every scene he makes the film visually as ominous as anything in this nether world . 
this is the best british gangster film since the long good friday . 
a big piece of what makes this film work is the depiction of the kingpin . 
the writing quite makes up for it . there are some very funny moments , and quite a few little in - jokes 
negin 's peter lorre is quite credible , and easily the best peter lorre i 've ever seen who was n't the real thing . 
roth directed by douglas williams mpaa : not rated ( though from language , violence , medical - gross - outs , and sexual content , i 'd put it at pg ) though made in canada , " overdrawn at the memory bank " traces its roots to the bbc school of film production . using , for the most part , cheap computer and video special effects , chyron text , wildlife documentary footage , and sets that are sometimes obviously faked up , it nonetheless manages to tell a good enough science fiction story that by the time you 're twenty minutes into it , you should be hooked . 
julia 's portrayal of bogart is passable , and avoids becoming the " schweethaat " -spouting parody seen in cartoons . 
as cyberpunk films go , this may not be a staple of the genre , but it 's definitely recommended viewing . 
and while people of today may well laugh at fourteen years past 's idea of futuristic data processing clerks , some aspects of this film are surprisingly perfectly in keeping with the way we think of " virtual reality " today . 
granted , it contains some uproariously funny moments both in and out of the concentration camp , but it does not pull a " hogan 's heros " and make light of the slaughtering of some six million innocent jews . somehow , it achieves hilarity without disrespecting it 's gravely serious subject . 
even though the movie was extremely well - received by critics and public alike 
the film 's brilliance relies on the idea that the viewer can interpret the meaning of it in any way they see fit . 
granted , it contains some uproariously funny moments both in and out of the concentration camp , but it does not pull a " hogan 's heros " and make light of the slaughtering of some six million innocent jews . somehow , it achieves hilarity without disrespecting it 's gravely serious subject . 
however , i am not denying the movie 's greatness . believe me , it 's fantastic . 
if you liked the previous films , rent this one . 
rocky iii seems to kind of fit in that category , but manages to be slightly unique . 
it 's well worth seeing if you are a fan of the series . 
the last match is quite decent actually . 
the movie is entertaning mainly because of clubber lang 's over the top performance . 
which is good if you like fighting scenes . 
this is a story that is sure to warm your heart , and that is what really matters about a dog of flanders . 
even older ones who consider themselves too ` sophisticated ' for kiddie fare will be surprised to hear that this film is for grown - ups , too . 
you can guess where the film is going because this is well - traveled territory , but with pros like voight and appealing young performers like kissner , an often - told story is well worth a revisit . ' 
but jon voight , as i mentioned before , is the perfect choice for michel . 
see it while you can . 
its heart is in the right place and it engages you . 
he brings a mysterious , yet gentle performance that makes us all feel good again when he reassures insecure nello that he * can * win the contest . 
a dog of flanders is a delightful , heartwarming family film that is sure to entertain kids of all ages . 
the music from richard friedman is also remarkable ; an evocative , poignant score that recaptures music from the 19th century . the opening song over the credits is very beautiful ( i hope the soundtrack is available ! ) 
the phantom menace or tarzan , or even the iron giant with a tender , sweet little family movie . 
this one relies on telling a fully character - oriented story , with just the right amount of heart , humor , and drama . that , to me , is what makes a dog of flanders all the more delightful . eleanor o'sullivan of ` the home news & tribune ' noticed this , and was kind and generous enough to welcome it : ` for want of a better word , a glow surrounds a dog of flanders . 
review : a dog of flanders is the story of an adorable little boy named nello and his trials and tribulations in 19th century flanders . living with his grandfather jehan ( jack warden ) in poverty , nello finds happiness in his life in spite of difficult times ( they are renting a spare one - room cottage , and the greedy , malevolent landlord who owns it threatens to throw them ` out of the house ' if they do n't pay the rent ) . 
another one of my favorite characters in the film . 
the cast is first - rate : jesse james and jeremy james kissner , who play nello , are some of the most endearing , adorable young stars i have ever seen in my whole life 
nello also has a rather creative talent for drawing some of the most beautiful pictures that i have ever seen , in either a movie or in real life . 
but what makes this film fun to watch is how well - defined the characters are , and the pace of the story ( best of all , it has a happy ending ? 
if you 're looking for family - style entertainment , look no further than this charming boy - and - dog yarn . go see it while you still can , for as i mentioned , it might not be a big bow - wow at the box office for a long time . 
old yeller , this dog of flanders is a heartwarming delight . the cinematography , courtesy of walther van den ende is beautiful , and really adds to the powerful drama of the film . 
( the scenes involving him and nello are heartwarming , touching ones . ) also , bruce mcgill is charming as the kindly miller william . 
it is also one of the better family films around this year . 
the cast is first - rate : jesse james and jeremy james kissner , who play nello , are some of the most endearing , adorable young stars i have ever seen in my whole life 
tarantino 's pulp fiction is in big part responsible for john travolta 's sudden revival in the movie industry , and with talks of an oscar nomination , the same is likely to happen for grier . 
you 'll be satisfied , for the script oozes with the familiar brash qualities that has made tarantino an icon of 90 's film- making 
what ensues is a rich and intriguing example of storytelling 
we 're still reminded that this is tarantino 's movie thanks to odd split - screen story - telling devices and scenes being replayed multiple times from different viewpoints . 
you 'll be happy to at least let it massage your feet . 
does the best she can with an essentially thin role , but there 's nothing more to her , and therefore , she becomes a tossable addition to an otherwise flourishing bouquet of characters . 
it 's good , but it is n't anything that made pulp fiction such a revolutionary effort in the first place . 
you 'll be satisfied , for the script oozes with the familiar brash qualities that has made tarantino an icon of 90 's film- making 
and although jackson is really , really good in jackie brown , i do n't think he 's quite as irreplaceable . 
nicholson is fantastic , portraying black with rare subtlety and animus ; jerry 's gradual descent into obsession is like a car wreck , a thing horrible to look at but impossible to turn away from . 
good supporting performances from much of the rest of his cast , too . 
it is anything but ; in its final hour , it turns the corner and becomes a riveting , terrifying study of its lead character , jerry black . 
penn 's direction is astounding , each frame looking as though it is parched -- of water , perhaps , or of sanity . 
mamet 's timing is perfect in the direction but terrible in the production . 
both are good films , perhaps for some of the same reasons . 
otherwise a very good thriller . 
or " why did n't anybody think of that before ? " appropriately enough heist opens with a very clever jewelry store job . it is so clever that one wonders if mamet really thinks up all these ideas himself or if he has help from professional magician and con expert ricky jay , now a regular actor in mamet films . 
much of what distinguishes heist is mamet 's dialog . remarkably it serves a double purpose . 
doing his most entertaining work . 
the robbery team sounds at once very professional and at the same time it has mamet 's special feel for dialog 
unlike his the spanish prisoner , there are no lapses in credibility . 
heist is probably the best mamet thriller since house of games . 
freed from her needs to direct by director zemecki , foster is able to let it all hang out in the characterization and the lead she provides to her supporting cast 
as the movie gains speed , foster 's acting intensifies and the audience really does experience it with her . it is certainly oscar - caliber acting , unquestionably . the supporting cast does well and zemeckis throws in some humor with some president clinton cameos , cleverly manipulated , george stephanopolus - style , to seem very forrest gump . 
contact is a fitting memorial to the memory of carl sagan , science popularizer , and sometime pedantic gadfly of the halls of academe . 
the panoramas of the radio dishes at arecibo and ceti in new mexico and puerto rico are beautiful . 
' contact ' shows why jodie foster is one of our best actresses . see contact with your family . it is a movie for all ages . 
by the end , the audience is left with what good science fiction is supposed to do : evoke a sense of wonder about the universe and evoke questions in your mind about what 's out there . 
one of the most entertaining , but very short scenes , is when foster is confronted by rob lowe , during a cabinet - level presidential meeting to discuss the alien invitation . 
this is clearly a foster movie by one of the great hollywood lights of our generation . foster 's radiance has never been more strong 
it is the only scene in the movie in which there were tremendous dynamics between two characters . 
just had some good chuckles at clinton 's walk - ons . 
morrison 's work ) , contact picks up steam , gradually , building , by - the - end , an irresistable juggernaut and a very good movie that does not as is so often the case fall out - of - balance in terms of too much pandering to the technological " geek " side . 
the movie 's pacing is very good and subtle . 
, instead is also given an unexpectedly multifaceted character to play as a woman who may be overly protective but simply cares for her brother . 
however , what helps " at first sight " rise above this predictability is in the mature and intelligent relationship that develops between virgil and amy . 
the massaging sequences were strangely erotic , maybe even more so than the later actual " love scenes , " and as their romantic involvement quickly developed , the film was both entertaining and sweet , and there was clearly a lot of chemistry between the two . 
" for which she won a well - deserved oscar as a kind - hearted , but ditzy hooker , is a standout here . 
val kilmer , usually cast in the " macho " type of role , was always believable as a blind person , and playing his character was probably a little more tricky than it appears . 
these joyous moments early on balanced out well with the later scenes in which their relationship is seriously tested due to a contrast in the life styles that they have always known , with virgil completely used to being blind and having a comforting , peaceful life in the country to amy 's eventful life in the " big city . 
in a truthful climactic scene set in amy 's apartment between she and virgil , sorvino proves to be one of the most gifted young actresses around today , and has a flare for both comedic and dramatic pieces . 
since january is usually the time of year that is known as the dumping ground from bad movies , " at first sight " comes as a refreshing and sophisticated change of pace . 
since " awakenings " was so very good , and made my top ten list the year it was released , " at first sight " is not quite as strong since it is not directed with as sure a hand as penny marshall , but is still an intelligent and vibrantly - acted drama . 
" the other major compliment that must be given to the film are the nearly flawless performances across the board . 
she always has managed to come out unscathed , and it is with " at first sight " that she finally has another juicy role to play . 
the film starts off noticably well 
like the wonderful 1990 drama , " awakenings , " starring robin williams and robert de niro , " at first sight , " directed by irwin winkler , is inspired by a true story documented by physicfirst sight , " directed by irwin winkler , is inspired by a true story documented by physician oliver sacks . 
in the company of men made a splash at the sundance film festival because , in a year plagued by brothers mcmullen - style , earnestly shallow gen - x angst pictures , it seemed to be actually about something . 
the marvel of labute 's multi - layered script is that it can disturb each member of its audience in an entirely different way . 
it ignited a spark of excitement in what otherwise has been a disappointing year for independent film . 
certainly those expecting a conventional hollywood resolution to the story will walk away disappointed . but the picture is often mesmerizing , and the script is a work of fine craftsmanship , which makes it well worth your time . like all good films , it offers a myriad of parallels to the outside world . 
stacy edwards gives a measured dignity to christine , and succeeds in making us care for her 
its darned funny in spots , particularly in the men 's room scenes , which demonstrate the lengths to which guys will go to hold a conversation while engaged in the most basic of bodily functions . 
ticoton ( most recently seen in con air ) , again , is ok , doing some good action , but getting her emotions all wrong . 
poltergeist , star trek : the motion picture ) overall , then , total recall is a hugely violent , yet hugely enjoyable , action fest , with a reasonable plot thrown in there too , some great bad guys , and some imaganitive death . 
cox is basically reprising robocop , but he 's still great in this , and he delivers the best line in the whole film near the end . 
but it 's done so stylishly , and of course arnie tones it down with a one liner , that 's it excusable . 
but , the bad guy 's are excellent . 
the supporting cast are fine , and not even the comedy sidekick ( this time in the form of a taxi driver ) is annoying . 
but , she does sex scenes alright . 
do some good work ( such as a subway station scene ) but the model work is not so good . 
the sets look great , and the special effects at the end of the film are n't too bad either . there 's also a good soundtrack running through , by jerry goldsmith ( the omen , 
in fact , it 's very good . 
totemic camera shots and color - saturated scenery are decidedly uncommon in demme 's films , but the few he uses here work to the film 's benefit . 
so convincingly it is hard to believe this is the same woman who shines brightly on a tv talk show . lisa gay hamilton does an impressive job in the emotionally demanding role 
though the film compliments the book extraordinarily well 
, beloved is a disquieting , one - of - a - kind experience , one to be viewed with guards down and spirits in abeyance . 
this choice is a smartly made one , for it creates an open space in which the story 's wide range of emotions can gestate and grow 
winfrey is arguably beloved 's greatest asset . 
authoritatively commands every scene in which she appears . 
jonathan demme 's _ beloved _ , based on the book toni morrison , is a study in skillful literary adaptation . 
danny glover is affable 
from the stab scenes to lines like " brothers do n't last long in situations like this , " craven and williamson are clearly having a lot of fun with scream 2 , and the movie is enjoyable , if a little overlong ( the livelier first hour is better than the second ) . 
an act that he accomplishes with great panache . 
craven has remembered that scares are more important that graphic displays of human insides and bodily fluids . 
scream 2 is n't quite as clever as its predecessor , but it fills the gap with a cutting wit . 
a second strength of scream 2 is that it features a gallery of legitimate characters rather than a group of cardboard cut - out stereotypes lined up for slaughter . 
some of the smartest dialogue comes during this sequence as pinkett bemoans the lack of african american participation in horror films ( it 's surely no coincidence that , in addition to pinkett and epps , scream 2 features two black characters ) . 
a sequel was inevitable ; fortunately , nearly the entire creative team has returned for scream 2 , including director wes craven , screenwriter kevin williamson , and actors 
a second strength of scream 2 is that it features a gallery of legitimate characters rather than a group of cardboard cut - out stereotypes lined up for slaughter . 
from the stab scenes to lines like " brothers do n't last long in situations like this , " craven and williamson are clearly having a lot of fun with scream 2 , and the movie is enjoyable , if a little overlong ( the livelier first hour is better than the second ) . 
also outstanding is tucker as beau , who has a terrific character arc and pas de deux with his mother . 
giles nuttgens ( " fire " ) cinematography , which won the 2001 sundance festival award , is crisp and startlingly clear . 
the directors ( " suture " ) have a firm grip on their material and cast . the story builds perfectly with bold strokes amidst a myriad of subtler underpinnings . 
it 's a terrific performance . 
also outstanding is tucker as beau , who has a terrific character arc and pas de deux with his mother . 
the deep end " is a complex story of domino deeds and shifting relationships . take the plunge . 
miriam margoyles , a virtually unknown actress was astounding as juliet 's nurse , even though she was never given a name . 
another great thing about the film was the performance of harold perrineau as romeo 's best friend . 
whose violent na - ture , was a definite plus . 
surrounded by a superb supporting cast , in - cluding paul sorvino ( goodfellas ) , brian dennehy ( tommy boy ) , pete poslethwaite ( the usual sus - pects ) and john leguizamo ( executive decision ) , decaprio and danes 
shine throughout the film . 
with the same award - winning formula that was used by quentin tarantino in reservoir dogs and pulp fiction , romeo & juliet is a sure fire modern masterpiece . , 
the movie opens with a funny , but messageable song , that all of the people of south park sing . 
you will not leave the movie , for at least laughing one time or more . and enjoying yourself . take it from me , south park : b , l , and u , is n't as good as you 'd hope , but 
it is good for some laughs . 
but when you watch this movie , there is no doubt that you will laugh . 
but beyond being bad in a tasteless type way , south park : bigger , longer and uncut has many messages that are embedded inside it . 
his camerawork is fairly pedestrian , though the final concert number is done quite well with effective use of editing . ? 
watching this film was fun , for the most part . ? 
each one has their own personality and , perhaps the best part of the film , look like they are having some honest - to - goodness fun , something that ca n't be said for a lot of people in films today . 
but , if you find them at least tolerable , get ready to sit back and chill because the spice girls are here to entertain you . . . 
there are a few slow segments , but overly , director bob spiers keeps things moving at a quick pace , with plenty of hummable spice girls songs in the background . ? 
the look of the film promotes the high fun , with the design of the spicebus being quite original and eye - catching . 
they do it pretty well . ? 
each one has their own personality and , perhaps the best part of the film , look like they are having some honest - to - goodness fun , something that ca n't be said for a lot of people in films today . 
and do it quite well . ? 
what it is what the spice girls are all about : fun , songs , and a lot of " girl power ! " drawing from a number of different films ( like the beatles ' " hard day 's night " ) " spice world " chronicles the week heading up to the girls ' first concert at london 's albert hall . 
the late oliver reed gave us the best work of his career in his last role . 
( it reminds me of the way the flash runs in the comic books , leaving a half - blurred trail of images of himself behind . ) with a more realistic look , " gladiator " could be even more satisfying than " braveheart " because it has a tighter script and a more fulfilling conclusion . 
joaquin phoenix gives an astounding performance . 
throughout the picture , phoenix manages to give depth to a character who 's scripted as a caricature of evil . 
a rousing action film enriched by fine performances but tarnished by stylistic choices . 
this role does n't offer him the complexities of his parts in " l . a . confidential " and " the insider " -- essentially his job is to grunt heroically -- but his voice , which has a richard burton resonance textured by a clint eastwood rasp , is perfect for the genre . 
makes it seem exciting . 
the performances are universally fine , with the actors keeping things low - key and restrained , just like scientists . 
the andromeda strain is the greatest science fiction film ever made 
of course . is this one worth watching as well ? actually , yes . 
the beauty of the story is the pas de deux between uncle and niece as they try to out psych each other . 
karen arthur 's direction is certainly no match for the great master , but on an absolute scale , the movie maintains a high level of suspense . when supercilious and deceitful charles comes to pay a visit of indeterminate length with his sister and her family in petaluma , they do n't know about his nefarious activities . 
harmon is wonderfully creepy and smug , and welsh is tough but trapped . with a deft touch the director sets up each scene , several with thunderstorms , and tom neuwirth 's sepia - toned cinematography makes the movie feel as if it were filmed in the 50s . 
the picture advances with a delicate power using small details such as the newspaper article that the uncle tries secretly to remove and that charlie discovers . 
the truth about cats and dogs is n't quite as entertaining as i was expecting it to be , but it handles well a theme 
like sleepless in seattle , this comedy / romance is predictable all the way through , but we care enough about the characters that we root them on and will the romance to blossom . 
i can easily see him becoming the next stanley kubrick or alfred hitchcock 
although it has its flaws , alien 3 is highly entertaining with rich symbolism . 
charles dance turns in a nice low - key performance , and as a result , i cared for him immediately . 
both are untrue , because the film has quite a bit of action , and the dialogue was essential and well - written . 
and this is where alien 3 succeeds . 
many people have criticized fincher 's filming of the death scene of ripley ( i reveal nothing by saying this ) as looking too fake , but i enjoy and relish in the portrayal . 
her reactions are far more realistic in this film , with her crying over the loss of the little child she risked her life saving in her previous encounter . 
it 's quite touching really . 
an impressive aspect of this is that fincher only shows a few seconds of film before cutting to a title card . 
again , the technical side of this film is remarkable , and better than the two previous versions . 
the confusion of the ending draws the viewer in , as we are just as confused as the actors who are being chased around . 
by doing so , fincher creates some of the best scenes in the entire alien franchise . 
fincher knows exactly what to film and how to film it , and i figure that he will be one of the few directors with complete control over his films . 
the cinematography , by alex thomson , is very well done , with a terrific chase sequence towards the end of the movie . 
dutton is very strong in his performance 
it 's quite a remarkable opening , and one which will remain in my mind for a long time . 
while cameron 's version was a pumped up action film with massive artillary , fincher uses brilliant camera angles , terrific lighting , and moody sets . 
i am among that group , but alien 3 is an extremely entertaining film , which critics have bashed for its originality . 
the sets are quite incredible , which are reminiscient of the nostromo from alien . 
it is an extremely well - made motion picture , with a lot more merits than not . 
this film reminds you how much fun it is to spot metaphorical images throughout a movie . 
the narrow corridors and labrynthine hallways is well constructed . 
it 's one of the most memorable moments , as the speech reflects exactly what is going on with the dog . 
showing ripley fall in slow motion is a nice touch , but by actually not showing her hit the vat of iron , a great deal of symbolism is derived . 
most memorable is the terrific shot involving the alien and ripley . 
sigourney weaver turns out yet another good performance , equaling her portrayal of ripley in aliens . 
this cremation scene is one of the most powerful and impressive of all the alien films . featuring a monologue from dillon ( charles s . dutton ) , a prisoner who has found god , the movie cuts back and forth from the ceremony to the dog 's demise . 
this raw footage really shows you how much a film can be improved upon using simple audio techniques . 
ultra low budget but extremely inventive horror film about a group of friends vacationing in a cabin who accidentally awaken an evil force in the woods via the necronomicon , the book of the dead . 
overall , the evil dead is a good low budget horror film , superior to many films 
the results shown on screen are amazing considering the film 's tiny budget , constant location changes , and a filming schedule that was sporadic over two years . 
steve zahn gives a hilarious performance , and steals nearly every scene he 's in . 
albert brooks is enjoyable 
with an affectation for freeze frames , he delivers a unique take on the film 's action and love scenes that places out of sight a notch above routine crime films . 
steven soderbergh gives the film sharp and stylistic direction . 
she and clooney develop good chemistry together . 
with an affectation for freeze frames , he delivers a unique take on the film 's action and love scenes that places out of sight a notch above routine crime films . 
the witty and inventive out of sight gives get shorty a run for its money as the best leonard adaptation around . 
clooney , who has had a string of solid , but never stellar , film roles , delivers his best performance to date . he blends into his role here perfectly as the risk taking jack foley , who 's willing to gamble everything on the chance that karen sisco might be his true love . 
jennifer lopez does an excellent job as well . 
with smart dialogue , good characters , and an excellent cast , out of sight easily smoothes over the rough spots in the plot and delivers on both the action and romantic fronts . 
the film boasts a superb ensemble . 
with smart dialogue , good characters , and an excellent cast , out of sight easily smoothes over the rough spots in the plot and delivers on both the action and romantic fronts . 
there 's plenty of effects to go around , of course , but at least there 's a backbone to build them on as well . reeves is surprisingly good in his role as neo , particularly in a fight scene with fishburne that comes across as goofy , yet great . 
could this amateur be " the one " as fisburne thinks he is ? credit the wachowskis for putting together a great story that allows suspense to build , something that few special effects - laden films seem to do these days . 
now the wachowskis are headed into horror films with their next project . bring it on . 
it seems that a group of hackers is out to stop the system that is the matrix , led by the bald but brilliant laurence fishburne and assisted by carrie ann moss , who looks quite cool in leather , i must say . 
there 's actually a story with depth here . 
does not : it succeeds in delivering its message in an artistically interesting way and without being overly manipulative . 
it works perfectly well as a study of tibetan buddhist culture and how communist china . 
the set design and cinematography are outstanding , and while scorsese occasionally seems to get carried away with the spectacle , it helps to augment the cultural contrast when the dalai lama travels to china to meet chairman mao . 
scorsese views the dalai lama the way many tibetans probably do , as a larger - than - life symbol of buddhist spirituality and political leadership : the only glimpses into his head come from several interesting yet oblique dream sequences , but his portrayal is appropriate for a film that concentrates on the political and spiritual rather than the personal . 
scorsese views the dalai lama the way many tibetans probably do , as a larger - than - life symbol of buddhist spirituality and political leadership : the only glimpses into his head come from several interesting yet oblique dream sequences , but his portrayal is appropriate for a film that concentrates on the political and spiritual rather than the personal . 
the movie entertains and offers brilliant performances just as is . 
american beauty is a non - formula , intelligent and articulate movie that offers fantastic performances by everyone in the cast , especially kevin spacey , who is simply gosh darn amazing 
american beauty is a non - formula , intelligent and articulate movie that offers fantastic performances by everyone in the cast , especially kevin spacey , who is simply gosh darn amazing 
if you are in the mood for a thoughtful , non - formula flick , i highly recommend american beauty . 
the thing i like about american beauty is that there is no sentimental music , no hospital scene nor any overly dramatic hokum . 
the cast is rounded out well with the marvelous rush who plays the queen 's most loyal advisor , sir francis , and attenborough as a well - meaning but old - fashioned lead council . 
create a beautifully realized piece of filmmkaing from the technical side . 
simply because it is the result of a perfect pairing of director and cinematographer . 
i did n't much care about the characters ( perhaps aside for elizabeth who is played quite well by blanchett ) and so i did n't have much interest in who would join her in her nuptials . 
it is a fine piece of filmmaking 
each frame is rich with color contrasted with blackness or blown - out white light from windows . 
and though elizabeth works well on many levels , it falls short of excellence because of that very reason . 
the costumes by alexandra byrne deserve a mention as they are such an inportant aspect of each shot . 
indeed , elizabeth is one of the most visually beautiful films of the decade , ranking with kundun and braveheart . 
i recommend elizabeth ? 
the make - up effects by rob bottin ( the howling , the thing , and robocop ) are top notch , not to mention extremely outlandish . 
and in my opinion this film achieves an entertainment level in film that is so terrific , it may be impossible to beat . 
schwarzenegger gives his best performance ever , and the supporting cast is good too . the action and stunts are terrific . the sets are huge and elaborate with a lot of attention payed to detail . the music and sound effects are perfect for the film and really add a certain level of impact to the action . 
the visuals had such a state of the art " slickness " that they won an oscar . 
the plot unfolds at a rapid pace explaining itself through great action , special effects , and twist after mind - boggling twist . it grabs you and never lets go ! this film is a winner from beginning to end . the plot is superb ; combining the best elements of science fiction and psychological mystery to create a rip - roaring saga . 
the visual effects by dream quest ( the abyss ) and industrial light and magic ( star wars trilogy , jurassic park , and terminator 2 ) are phenomenal ! 
just do n't get any better than this ! 
the film is a masterpiece of sets , action , and special effects . action and science fiction 
carolco pictures and dutch director paul verhoeven ( robocop ) came together to create the 1990 mega hit that is total recall . 
very much like titanic , run lola run is an achievement with filmmaking much more than it is an achievement in film . 
indeed , the movie is often outrageously exciting , as well as bitterly ironic and subtly serious . 
the way the movie is made , for pure visual style , tykwer 's movie is breathtaking ( literally , sometimes ) . 
it is the equivalent of a roller - coaster in the amount of thrills and fun that it offers . ? 
for the former , you need look no further than director tom tykwer 's incredible german thriller run lola run , a movie that may make some viewers need a cooling off period afterwards . 
was longer because it was so damn good while it lasted 
the reasons i enjoy this film go way beyond that . 
the cast is well chosen , neve campbell pulls off a good heroine 
they are horror fans , they know how stuff happens in a horror movie , they know what to do and what not to do , and that makes it scary , and even funny at certain times . 
also good 
( and unlike most horror film heroines , she * can * act ) , drew barrymore does a good janet leigh impression for what little time she has in the film , and david arquette is impressive . 
that scene works because in a normal horror film , half the things that happen in that scene would never happen . 
the plot is typical horror stuff : sidney prescott ( an impressive neve campbell ) , an attractive young high school student who 's mother was killed a year ago tommorrow , is being stalked by a killer who 's previously murdered one of her classmates ( casey , naturally ) , and everybody in this small , california town is a suspect , including sidney 's boyfriend , billy loomis . 
also , it is hoped that the success of mulan , and there is no doubt that it will prove to be a popular vehicle , will spur an interest for more movies with oriential or asian - american themes so as to provide more substantial roles for the talented performers who gave their voices for this production . 
the movie utilizes a strong corps of asian - american talent as the voices for the main characters , including the wonderful ming - na wen ( the joy luck club ) as mulan , 
also is a plus . 
yet , despite the grim backdrop of war , it is a lively tale of self - reliance and brain - over - brawn that even the smallest child can appreciate and enjoy . 
mulan will set a new standard by which future animated efforts by disney and other studios will have to work hard to attain . 
the movie utilizes a strong corps of asian - american talent as the voices for the main characters , including the wonderful ming - na wen ( the joy luck club ) as mulan , 
the mouse factory 's latest feature is a treasure , featuring magnificent animation , a strong story and finely drawn characters . 
the music by matthew wilder and lyrics by david zippel fit nicely into the plot . 
mulan is a treat , more powerful than hercules , with more heart than the hunchback of notre dame . 
yet , despite the grim backdrop of war , it is a lively tale of self - reliance and brain - over - brawn that even the smallest child can appreciate and enjoy . 
at about 85 minutes , mulan moves rapidly , and will hold the attention of youngsters from beginning to the end . 
to paraphrase a song title from an earlier disney movie , mulan is a whole new world . 
the movie features only a couple of songs , fewer than most previous disney animated flicks , but mulan 's are winners . 
his fast , wise - cracking , hip - talking mushu may seem out of place , but it 's a crowd pleasing performance , especially for the youngsters . 
also adding to the proceedings is eddie murphy as mushu the dragon , sent by mulan 's ancestors to watch over and help the young woman . 
the best parts of the patriot are the scenes in which martin and his rugged militia men outsmart the british armies left and right . 
at times absorbing , at others enjoyably insipid , this is good , bloody summer fun . 
there is a very interesting contrast between the traditional battle style and martin 's take - no - prisoners method . 
sure it 's predictable and melodramatic , but for a moment after leaving the theater , i was dumbfounded with patriotism . 
it is a ninety - minute guilty pleasure . 
as for the numerous battle scenes , they are expertly done . clearer and more realistic 
every time the farmers attacked the unsuspecting enemy , to see the disbelief on british general cornwallis ' ( tom wilkinson ) face was priceless entertainment . 
this makes jordan 's accomplishment here seem mighty impressive to me : he imbues the company of wolves with a genuine sense of magic and mystery . 
the result is a surprisingly successful example of a sinister , contemporary fairy tale . 
this archetypal realm is the setting for a smart , subtle , literate script , a script which is as good as you 'd expect from jordan ( himself an accomplished fiction writer ) and carter . for carter , the cauldron of story is a witches ' brew , bubbling over with primal ingredients : mist - shrouded forests , ancient graveyards , virginal girls and wise women , wolves with glowing eyes . 
and it 's certainly more interesting than the disney version . 
this makes jordan 's accomplishment here seem mighty impressive to me : he imbues the company of wolves with a genuine sense of magic and mystery . 
she finds the right note for the prim 
but jordan succeeds at what i consider the trickiest aspect of the film : he transcends the poor acting / music / effects and conveys a sense of the fantastic , of otherness . 
sure , it 's a masterpiece compared to most of the hollywood drivel we usually get , but on it 's own , it just could have been better . 
but it still works out , gives us a great love story combined with a political and boxing drama , and features great acting . 
these elements are pretty much equally balanced , with each of the parts of the stories working hand - in - hand with eachother . i loved how each of the different parts of the plot mattered , and sometimes spilled over into the next . 
in the supporting roles , billy cox is greatly sympathetic as the ira leader losing control of his daughter and his workers . 
still an excellent irish story . 
but the backbone of the story is the love one . because these characters are given such horrible circumstances , and since the two leads have such great chemistry together , we really feel for their plight . 
this is how you write a love story - take note , hollywood . 
the direction and co - writing by jim sheridan ( with the other co - writing credit going to terry george ) is excellent , rounding out the characters well , but not pacing everything greatly . 
though " the boxer " is a good film , it never achieves the greatness that it should . 
the acting is amazing , with day - lewis and watson giving excellent performances and showing great chemistry . 
but the film is stolen acting wise by ken stott as ike , who is just a great scene stealer . 
the acting is amazing , with day - lewis and watson giving excellent performances and showing great chemistry . 
we 've seen it many a time before , but it 's at least interesting , sometimes emotional , and even riveting at times 
they 're very good . 
there is a reassuring honesty to the friendships , even when it hits its low points and the friends commiserate . 
you wo n't fail to like mike , however , played endearingly by jon favreau . 
favreau also doubled as the film 's screenwriter , and he proves he has the gift for creating engaging characters and witty banter 
swingers is light , unassuming fare , sweet candy you will want to bust your gut with - laughing - again and again . 
no matter what political spin you put on the story , the movie is an outstanding one . 
the other roles also go to accomplished actors . 
gives us something new in a film that combines brilliant acting with hold - your - breath intensity . 
he and oldman 's archetypes match up perfectly . 
the pulls on the patriotic heartstrings would be too much in any other film , but they work here . 
everyone is totally engrossed . the two actors do what they do best and they are probably the best there are at it 
he does it so well . 
ford is one of the few actors that could make us believe that the president of the united states could be an action hero . 
the image is wondrous if you do n't look too deep . 
maggie greenwald 's occasionally uneven culture - clash story , which is loosely based on olive dame campbell 's foray through the blue ridge mountains in 1908 , but there 's also some melodramatic romantic spice . 
susan granger 's review of " songcatcher " in the midst of this summer 's fare of dinos revisited and romantic fiascoes , there are a few thoughtful movies - and this appalachian period drama is one 
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " songcatcher " is an intelligent , extraordinary 8 , transported by the transcendent power of song . 
. oscar nominee janet mcteer ( " tumbleweeds " ) stars as dr . 
i 'm ready to buy the soulful soundtrack with vocalists like emmylou harris , iris dement , taj mahal and young opera star emmy rossum who plays a pivotal role as mcteer 's wide - eyed prot ? 
blanchett deserves an oscar for her performance as elizabeth . 
rolling green hills , extravagant ceremonial galas , dark and foreboding corridors -- all are depicted with a real sense of artistic appreciation . 
though not a classical beauty , blanchett is able to entrance the viewer with just a coy smile or an impish smirk . 
though writer michael hirst 's script gets a little murky at times , and his injections of humor get a little overplayed , elizabeth pulses with the right amount of dramatic and cinematic verve to make it just deserving of a theatrical viewing . as a whole , the story survives because elizabeth 's struggle is one which deserves attention 
she is at home with her character 's playful tendencies , particularly in one scene where elizabeth dances unabashedly with childhood friend and lover lord robert dudley ( joseph fiennes ) . 
he and cinematographer remi adefarasin have crafted a film with a rich color palette that is a feast for the eyes . 
elizabeth is a potent historical drama set in england in the mid-1500s . 
she portrays the young queen with just the right balance of gawky self - consciousness and shrewd charisma . 
the contrast between the two friends is interesting to watch . 
more than anything , made is a movie with heart . 
favreau does a commendable job in his directorial debut . he is a player to be watched as he can only improve with experience . 
falk is amusing in his small role , while famke janssen nearly breaks your heart as bobby 's lowlife girlfriend . 
the chemistry between favreau and vaughn is what makes made so enjoyable to watch . 
but the cameraderie between bobby and ricky holds the key to its interest . 
sid james , with an american accent , is perfect as the rumpo kid , a part which suits him down to the ground . 
big heap is the local indian leader and the crazy casting of hawtrey for this part is very amusing , as is his performance : - he steals every scene he is in even though he does not enter the film until thirty minutes past . 
jim dale provides one of his best carry on performances as the stupid sanitary engineer , and angela douglas is very effective in her role as the revengeful daughter . 
sets , costumes and action sequences are all very commendable . 
a strange but therefore very interesting carry on film . 
jim dale provides one of his best carry on performances as the stupid sanitary engineer , and angela douglas is very effective in her role as the revengeful daughter . 
the songs that are included in the movie ( the title song and annie 's song ) are very impressive . 
sid james , with an american accent , is perfect as the rumpo kid , a part which suits him down to the ground . 
joan sims provides useful and amusing support as belle , the local bar owner who takes a fancy to the rumpo kid . 
but it is certainly the most distinctive film of the series . 
the wedding singer works . 
first of all , the chemistry between sandler and barrymore is effective . 
i liked it in spite of the soundtrack . 
but sandler instead brings a mature goodness to the character . 
that is endlessly refreshing . 
in the wedding singer , sandler is right on track . 
other critics liked this movie in part because of the ' 80s soundtrack . 
sandler captures the forlorn sleepwalking look of a jilted man , struck with an unattainable love . 
let 's hope herlihy and sandler stick together for a few more projects because this movie really won me over . with barrymore 's charm and sandler 's heart , it was hard to go wrong . 
barrymore is charming 
and sometimes , it works . 
screenwriter tim herlihy has written for sandler before ( billy madison and happy gilmore ) , and the two make a good combination 
even so , it is a very good film . 
the acting by all is quite good , but i particularly liked elijah wood . 
the acting by all is quite good , but i particularly liked elijah wood . 
the ice storm is being hailed by many as one of the best films of the year . 
still , i say hats off remain to wood , joan allen 's subtle but believable performance as a lonely , unappreciated wife , and the always excellent kevin kline . 
he does n't seem to be receiving as much recognition as the others , but i still found him to possess quite a real sense of being . 
it takes a lot of retrospect to fully appreciate it 's art , but when you finally start seeing things in it that you did n't before , you start to grow even fonder of the characters and the story . 
she had the most passion for , and you can see why . the story was also well written thanks to neil jordan . 
i 'd have to say this is his finest achievement to date , because quite frankly i 've never really found his work to be up to par . 
the end of the affair " is a dark and moody romantic period piece , that neil jordan exquisitely writes and directs . 
this is definitely one of the best films of 99 , and had some of the best acting , most notably by moore . 
all this may sound like a drag , but it really captures your interest . with great performances by ralph fiennes ( doing another english patient type of film , only this movie is better ) and julianna moore who definitely deserves an oscar because out of all 5 films she did in 1999 , i believe this was the role , 
although it 's slow and sometimes confusing to follow , it still manages to give audiences a moving experience . 
all this may sound like a drag , but it really captures your interest . with great performances by ralph fiennes ( doing another english patient type of film , only this movie is better ) and julianna moore who definitely deserves an oscar because out of all 5 films she did in 1999 , i believe this was the role , 
this is definitely one of the best films of 99 , and had some of the best acting , most notably by moore . 
also a notable was the superb direction by neil jordan . 
all this may sound like a drag , but it really captures your interest . with great performances by ralph fiennes ( doing another english patient type of film , only this movie is better ) and julianna moore who definitely deserves an oscar because out of all 5 films she did in 1999 , i believe this was the role , 
there 's no doubt in mind that it was just as moving and descriptive . 
of course , things really start to get going 
while watching this picture you are completely mesmerized , never taking your eyes off the screen , nor checking your watch to see how much longer it 's gon na last , despite its 3 hour plus running time . 
it 's obvious he truly loves titanic 
titanic is , without a doubt , the best movie i 've seen all year . and believe me , i 'm not an easy critic to impress : the english patient was too long , men in black was over - hyped , and several of the " big summer releases " were dead in the water . 
of course , it might help that cameron introduces some pretty interesting characters to help keep our eyes glued to the screen 
but as i said above , the love portion is n't sappy and does n't " weigh the film down " , as some critics have said . 
the sinking is depicted realisticly , and the effects are truly amazing . 
it 's sweet , and it did n't make me restless at all , despite the fact that i usually hate love stories . 
the best part of the movie , in my opinion , comes at the very end , when we flash back to the future . 
of course , it does n't hurt that this film comes from one of my favorite directors , james cameron , who is unarguably the greatest action director of all time . 
of course , it does n't hurt that this film comes from one of my favorite directors , james cameron , who is unarguably the greatest action director of all time . 
it is truly a stunning film . 
there is a particularly poignant scene in which truman confides his fears to marlon , and marlon answers with best - friend sincerity , " i 'd gladly step in front of a bus for you . 
if you enjoy the picture as much as i did , credit weir for allowing the magic of the screenplay to work 
the truman show derives much of its success from playing to our own secret paranoid fantasies - have n't we all , at least once , doubted our place in the world , doubted the sincerity of those closest to us ? 
sometimes you just have to tip your hat to a film . 
but by the attentiveness of the crowd i 'd say they were won over - as was i 
sometimes you just have to jump on the bandwagon and enjoy the ride . 
that we felt as we did is a tribute both to the film and to jim carrey , who has achieved legitimacy at last . 
it 's brilliant , funny , naughty and extremely poignant . 
a point well made in this candid and honest film 
the audio track of _ patlabor : the movie _ is in glorious hi - fi stereo , and should be used to demonstrate home theater systems -- it _ is _ that good . 
the cinematography is well - suited to the storyline , emphasizing what it needs to , though a couple of scenes ( where characters ' features are exaggerated in anger ) may seem slightly strange to western audiences . 
the film transfer is clear , almost phenomenally so . the animation quality is incredible , though the character design is different from what most patlabor fans will be used to . 
: the movie _ is more of a psychological thriller , a technological suspense drama . 
the sometimes - understated , sometimes - blaring score is crisp and clear , and always right on the mark , enhancing the moods created by the animated scenery . as far as the subtitles go , i have to say that they 're among the most easily - readable subtitles 
the sometimes - understated , sometimes - blaring score is crisp and clear , and always right on the mark , enhancing the moods created by the animated scenery . as far as the subtitles go , i have to say that they 're among the most easily - readable subtitles 
although it is a superbly - realized film , it relies in large part upon prior familiarity with some of the characters to carry the story , and that could detract from some people 's enjoyment . 
there are many interesting moments in _ patlabor : 
there are long , thoughtful montages of dialogueless footage as two investigators make their way through slums and derelict housing in old quarters of tokyo , similar to sequences from _ ghost in the shell 
this movie is a mix of funny gags that anly beavis and butthead could pull off . 
that 's what makes it good . 
the fun starts their . 
i enjoyed this movie alot because mike judge knew how to keep pace . 
even when they were crawling through the desert and i thought the movie started to lag , he manages to keep the laughs coming . 
, i recommened you get out right now and go see it 
it is quality entertainment that only fan of beavis and butthead would enjoy . 
unlike other gen - xers movies , go never allows the music to substitute for plot or dialogue , which is a plus . 
the real standout is sarah polley as the drug dealing checkout girl : her refreshing and deeply enjoyable performance makes the heavy going stories she is involved in much more entertaining . 
go is a very easy movie to absorb into , and the audience really starts feeling for these characters . thankfully , they never become two dimensional characters who are bent and twisted throughout the movie to fit into the stories mechanics ( like the heroine in 10 things i hate about you . ) 
he drags down slightly one of the funniest chapters , but the talent around him in that particular tale more than makes up for it . 
also entertaining timothy olyphant as the rather sinister drug dealer , who gives an nice evil performance . 
the young cast are talented and help bring the story to life . holmes , one of the dawson 's creek cast ( a show i 'm not particularly fond of ) displays much talent here , and despite her largely limited screen time manages to make a three dimensional character and never becomes a caricature . 
because this is a gen - xer movie , the obligatory rave soundtrack must accompany , and go 's one is pretty decent . 
the young cast are talented and help bring the story to life . holmes , one of the dawson 's creek cast ( a show i 'm not particularly fond of ) displays much talent here , and despite her largely limited screen time manages to make a three dimensional character and never becomes a caricature . 
the script , written john august , is sharp and witty , with good dialogue and some funny jokes . 
has a deft touch with the camera , and the film looks good . 
the stories are largely satisfying , although occasionally there 's too much attention on one detail but not on another . 
although qt 's touch is evident in nearly every frame , go is entertaining enough to forget about the similarities and just enjoy the rollercoaster ride . liman , who also photographed the film , 
also entertaining timothy olyphant as the rather sinister drug dealer , who gives an nice evil performance . 
still , the cast have a meaty script to get into and obviously enjoy it . 
the film also seems to have benefited from a budget , with the night - club scenes in particular looking pretty good . 
go is great fun , and a worthy follow up from the director of swingers . 
the young cast are talented and help bring the story to life . holmes , one of the dawson 's creek cast ( a show i 'm not particularly fond of ) displays much talent here , and despite her largely limited screen time manages to make a three dimensional character and never becomes a caricature . 
the real standout is sarah polley as the drug dealing checkout girl : her refreshing and deeply enjoyable performance makes the heavy going stories she is involved in much more entertaining . 
good lord , there should be some sort of law stating that no woman can be that sexy . 
but he brings a sort of pathetic charm to the role , and it 's his performance that makes the film truly funny 
i enjoyed listening to again while i typed up this review . 
the talented supporting cast certainly adds to one 's enjoyment of this film . 
despite its title and premise which seem to imply that this is some jerry lewis vehicle from the late 1960s , what planet are you from ? is a very funny movie . 
annette bening ( oddly playing a merged version of her real estate salesman character from american beauty and her ditzy spiritualist character from mars attacks ! ) does a fine job keeping up with shandling and makes a good catalyst for his brand of humor . 
what planet are your from ? was unjustly ignored in theaters , and i hope it finds its deserved audience on home video . 
all fare well in their performances as well , and linda fiorentino . . . 
everything about her character in this film oozes raw sexuality . 
we never see anything though , it 's all implied , which gives the film a touch of class amidst its crudeness . 
the plot ( which the film wisely does n't linger on the specifics of for too long ) is of course nothing more than framework for the jokes , most of which work very well 
well as it turns out , it 's a mighty fine score from carter burwell ( fargo , the hudsucker proxy ) that 
kudos to columbia tristar for adding that feature to the disc . 
steven spielberg has always been a skilfull filmmaker -- his assured hand churned out both jurassic parks , jaws , the indiana jones films , and e . 
-- but it was n't until 1993 that we saw what a brilliant man he can be . 
but anyone who allows themselves to get involved will experience a miracle , and a genuine masterpiece of a movie . 
it does reward the patient viewer . this is a mature spielberg , and his deft hands shape an absoloute masterpiece . this eqsuisite , beautiful film is a rare gem . it does a good job of summarizing why i love movies . it leaves one breathless , uplifted , and with much to think about . 
starkly emotional , and brutally powerful , schindler 's list strips away everything on the outset and leaves us ony feelings . the following that it has gained is not suprising -- this is probably , thus far , the best film of the decade . 
terrifically and shamelessly brought to light in what might be the funniest movie this summer . 
this may include watching scrambled porn channels or experimenting with mom 's apple pie in a scene that is completely shocking , raunchy , yet unbelievably funny . 
but almost always , it 's impossible to know how to fight the invisible monster , and it 's these episodes that make ` american pie ' such a carnal delight to watch . 
but unlike many teen sex comedies , there is a genuine intelligence at work here . 
full metal jacket succeeds extremely well in documenting the life of a young man in vietnam , as have others in the past . 
this film , in different ways , also can be viewed as more powerful than others . 
these sequences are considered to be the best part in this three act film , even though i found the later portions to be equally stunning . 
these sequences are considered to be the best part in this three act film , even though i found the later portions to be equally stunning . 
a few of the more powerful scenes toward the end will leave you to decide . 
sir anthony hopkins is staggering and plays nixon with incredible honesty and understanding , creating a very emotional picture of the 37th american president . 
the rest of the cast is equally magnificent , including : james woods , 
sir anthony hopkins is staggering and plays nixon with incredible honesty and understanding , creating a very emotional picture of the 37th american president . 
everyone does a serious and demanding job , no one are disappointing . stone never loses focus and his direction is steddy , honest and determined . 
joan allen 's magnificent and captivating performance is certainly worth an oscar statuette . 
still it 's an honest and captivating - a solid piece of movie making . 
there 's something almost majestic about the process : 
the flashy editing by brian berdan and frank corwin , robert richardson 's rich cinematography and john williams ' musical score create a hectic and bizarre atmosphere . 
the flashy editing by brian berdan and frank corwin , robert richardson 's rich cinematography and john williams ' musical score create a hectic and bizarre atmosphere . 
as with virtually all burton movies , we are treated to a wonderful score by composer danny elfman , who has once again poured excitement and imagination into an atmospheric soundtrack that accentuates the gothic mood perfectly . 
the supporting cast exhibits more color and playfulness than many . a blonde christina ricci is in fine form as von tassel 's daughter katrina , and an unlikely romance between she and ichabod is surprisingly consistent . 
first and foremost , ` sleepy hollow ' is a fun horror film . 
( it 's recognizable that the script was refined by award - winning playwright tom stoppard ) . 
throws in perhaps too healthy a dosage of sherlock holmes , but the visual treatment of the film is absolutely entrancing , as burton offers foggy locales and detailed costumes that are gorgeous and stirring to examine 
as with virtually all burton movies , we are treated to a wonderful score by composer danny elfman , who has once again poured excitement and imagination into an atmospheric soundtrack that accentuates the gothic mood perfectly . the horseman f / x are stylish and impressive , particularly in perfectly blended battle sequences involving actual actors . 
the supporting cast exhibits more color and playfulness than many . a blonde christina ricci is in fine form as von tassel 's daughter katrina , and an unlikely romance between she and ichabod is surprisingly consistent . 
the film has the sweetness of a candy apple , usually channeled through depp 's wonderful performance as the lovable geek ichabod crane , who is no longer a mild - mannered school teacher but still attains his cowardly qualities . 
if you 've got a decent head on your shoulders , you 'll have the good sense to gallop off to the theater and enjoy it one last time . 
walken , michael gough ( who appeared in burton 's ` batman ' films ) and miranda richardson are all enjoyable in tackling their separate roles . 
throws in perhaps too healthy a dosage of sherlock holmes , but the visual treatment of the film is absolutely entrancing , as burton offers foggy locales and detailed costumes that are gorgeous and stirring to examine 
the supporting cast exhibits more color and playfulness than many . a blonde christina ricci is in fine form as von tassel 's daughter katrina , and an unlikely romance between she and ichabod is surprisingly consistent . 
the costuming is exceptional , and the dialogue is crisp and effective throughout 
` sleepy hollow ' is a lavish , frightening and altogether amusing reworking of a classic tale that many people cherished as children . 
it was the light comic touch that burton applied . 
pfeiffer and clooney have a certain chemistry together that is surprisingly charming , and the kids are neither shoved into the background nor allowed to steal the show . 
but there is a certain amount of satisfaction in having our expectations fulfilled , especially when it is done with as much humour , along with a lack of sticky sentimentality , as it is in this film . 
it does win you over , though , even if it is painfully predictable . 
but there is a certain amount of satisfaction in having our expectations fulfilled , especially when it is done with as much humour , along with a lack of sticky sentimentality , as it is in this film . 
all in all , a good , non - offensive date movie . 
all perform well within their limits . 
i would n't be caught dead buying a ticket for chubby rain , but watching how it all came about is certainly entertaining enough . 
this is the actor 's finest work since his breakthrough into the hollywood market in the early 80 's . murphy excels at every corner , not only succeeding with presenting believable paranoia in the eyes of kit ramsey , but in creating a likable buffoon in jiff as well . 
bowfinger takes it 's sweet time getting started , but when the plot switches into high gear , great things happen . certain scenes are so precisely executed , perfectly framing moments that are absolutely fall - down funny . no , hilarious . standouts include the chase through a parking garage in which ramsey , who 's supposed to be being followed , keeps checking behind him to investigate a strange tapping noise ( it 's actually bowfinger 's dog in high heels ) . 
this is the actor 's finest work since his breakthrough into the hollywood market in the early 80 's . murphy excels at every corner , not only succeeding with presenting believable paranoia in the eyes of kit ramsey , but in creating a likable buffoon in jiff as well . 
masterful comedy director frank oz ( dirty rotten scoundrels , in and out ) , who has never made a bad movie , ensures a quality final product and is aided immensely by martin 's sharp - edged script . however , the real on - screen star is eddie murphy . 
masterful comedy director frank oz ( dirty rotten scoundrels , in and out ) , who has never made a bad movie , ensures a quality final product and is aided immensely by martin 's sharp - edged script . however , the real on - screen star is eddie murphy . 
anyone who knows of , or has had any association with movie - making should thoroughly enjoy this clever comedy for it 's entire duration . 
the central premise behind the film is an inspired and promising one . 
while the entire 97-minutes of bowfinger is n't always on target , individual scenes may have you rolling in the aisles . masterful comedy director frank oz ( dirty rotten scoundrels , in and out ) , who has never made a bad movie , ensures a quality final product and is aided immensely by martin 's sharp - edged script . however , the real on - screen star is eddie murphy . 
these three talented comic minds have squeezed every morsel of potential out of this premise , and the reward is a virtually guaranteed helping of hearty laughs . 
these three talented comic minds have squeezed every morsel of potential out of this premise , and the reward is a virtually guaranteed helping of hearty laughs . 
bowfinger is a good movie about the making of a very bad one . 
utilizing the films unforgettable dialogue , the two men discuss such things as hamburgers and foot massages before they bust into an apartment to terrorize the occupants . 
surely , quentin tarantino 's fame was greatly escalated by this film , and he proves not to be one who will fade from existence very soon . 
in all fairness , it should be noted that those who love this film greatly outnumber those who hate it . 
these two characters work together perfectly , and the performances by each actor are nearly perfect . 
pulp fiction is definitely one of the best films of the decade , and possibly of all - time . along with its superb dialogue , action , writing , directing , and acting , this film will not only latch onto you , but it proves that it does not want to release you until it has sunk its claws completely into you . 
as if reservoir dogs was n't perfect , tarantino went ahead and improved on perfection by creating pulp fiction , a fast - paced , hard talking , roller coaster ride of a movie that combines violence and extraordinary dialogue in a seemingly perfect way . 
as if reservoir dogs was n't perfect , tarantino went ahead and improved on perfection by creating pulp fiction , a fast - paced , hard talking , roller coaster ride of a movie that combines violence and extraordinary dialogue in a seemingly perfect way . 
pulp fiction , quentin tarantino 's anxiously awaited and superb follow - up to reservoir dogs , is absolutely and without a doubt progressing as one of the most talked about , loved , and hated films of all - time 
every major character in this film is represented by a terrific acting performance by the actor . to begin with , the two hit men : vincent vega ( john travolta ) and jules winnfield ( samuel l . jackson ) . 
( unlike other summer movies the effects do not take over the movie and are only there when it is really necessary ) and good performances . 
the x - files is what a summer should be . exciting , scary , great special effects 
rating : four and a half out of five stars for the best movie yet this summer , several jump right out of your seat thrills , many " whoah , i never saw that one coming ! 
what more do you ask from a summer movie other than the chance to be excited ? cool effects ? it 's good some . pulse pounding ? hell yes ! 
but everybody should get the chance to experience this movie 
one heck of an ending . 
the script is spotless , every thing that happens happens for a purpose . if you are confused by something , do not worry because it will all become clear later on but , and i can not stress this enough , pay attention ! ! ! 
from start to finish , this movie does not let go of you . 
when i compare it with last summer 's movies the best way to describe it would be : take the excitement and great score from face / off and the deadly use of sound from event horizon . 
the dialogue in interesting and the director is marvelous . 
therefore , the movie is quite user - friendly 
it maybe was n't best picture material , but it certainly deserved a screenplay nod ( instead of elizabeth ) , and bill murray 's absense from the ballot is a complete snub . 
it is so good 
i felt happy to have been priveleged enough to watch such a good display of filmmaking . 
he funds this aquarium with the help of millionare herman blume ( a very oscarworthy bill murray ) , who eventually finds himself falling in love with miss cross . 
the cinematography gives the movie an important feeling , as well . 
i know it already opened in december , but i finally got around to seeing rushmore last weekend , and it was one of those rare oppritunites that i got to leave the theatre feeling proud about paying the expensive ticket price . 
and that is intriguing . 
perhaps that is better than so many films 
niccol even utilizes voice - over narration ( a device almost always poorly - employed ) in an effective way . 
although it 's portrayal of the upcoming century is grim , " gattaca " serves up one of the most thought - provoking societal forecasts ever depicted on film . 
in " gattaca " 's series of final shots , the fates of vincent and jerome are superimposed over each other , and the effect is sad , lyrical and beautiful 
ethan hawke does magnificent work , proving his ability to carry a film and reaffirming his enormously high charisma level . 
first - time director / writer andrew niccol ( he also wrote the screenplay for the upcoming jim carrey drama " the truman show " ) demonstrates a keen eye for the stylish ; 
" gattaca " represents a solid breakthrough in the recent onslaught of science - fiction films -- it 's a genre picture that does n't rely on alien creatures or loud explosions to tell its story . 
even its murder mystery is relegated to a secondary subplot , ensuring that a smart story about smart people and smart science takes center stage . 
as the bitter jerome , jude law has a star - making presence , and it 's his scenes with hawke that give the movie its fine emotional core 
determined to do the same , vincent meets a dna broker ( tony shalhoub in a funny cameo ) who sells fake identities to in - valids . 
the movie is also flawless . 
an opening credits sequence -- where skin , nail and hair fragments fall in slow - motion through a colored camera lens -- displays these combined talents uncannily . 
even if " gattaca " were dramatically empty , it would still boast a sublime set of production credentials -- the film 's look is dazzling without ever being flashy . 
it 's successful sci - fi without showy special effects , it 's a crisp thriller with character - driven thrills , it 's a futuristic fable without blood and guts . 
his collaboration with cinematographer slawomir idziak , production designer jan roelfs and costume designer colleen atwood result in a sophisticated composition that emanates classy , retro ambiance . 
the movie was very good , it not fantastic . 
it was a constantly mind - moving and personal movie with lovely scenes of ireland . 
let 's hope the rest of america will be able to see the nephew . 
that said , a good mastering job has been performed on the film itself . 
-like the rescored " metropolis " a few years back -- turn a silent film into more palpable entertainment for the latest generation of film freaks . 
in addition to schreck 's performance , the cinematography and effects are outstanding . 
murnau was reportedly a giant man , well over six feet , a towering figure probably incapable of anything but a grand entrance . which brings us to " nosferatu : a symphony of horror " : surely he felt a kinship with his title character , the looming vampire embodied by intimidating max schreck ; in one of the most indelible images in film history , silent or otherwise , schreck rises from his grave , gnarled hands outstretched , and he 's so big that part of his head is cropped by the top of the frame . 
certainly the coolest video a band can ask for . 
coppola 's 1992 " bram stoker 's dracula " owes a great stylistic debt to murnau 's masterpiece , but the one thing it could n't thieve was the original 's abstract charms . 
" mina " --as bram stoker called her -- in hutter 's letters ? , for instance ) , it made me realize how much this movie has inspired and been stolen from . 
the main characters in this " reality " - dayton ( a well - meaning but none too intelligent 24-year - old ) , a sleazy gangster ( who for some reason has two names but otherwise is pretty much a stock character ) , and his porn - star girlfriend ( the blond arquette ) - are nothing you could n't find in any of the two dozen " pulp fiction " wannabes ; fortunately , the reappearance of the mystery man as well as some other typically lynchian elements , such as the strained , awkward conversations between pete and his parents , help to preserve the film 's spooky , unnerving tone during this stretch . 
that are exactly what is needed for this story . 
it is a one - way ride down the lost highway of a disturbed mind , and as such it is gripping , intense , and brilliantly effective . 
that said , these minor flaws do n't prevent " lost highway " from attaining its place as one of the darkest , most unsettling films to hit the screens in recent years . 
all of this proceeds , appropriately , in lynch 's typically slow - paced , idiosyncratic style . 
" it works perfectly . 
all of this adds up to this year 's funniest comedy , a creative , witty , and scathing film from james l . brooks , and brooks gets award - worthy performances from the entire cast . a winner in every aspect , and a truly delicious slice of cyncial life . 
jack nicholson gives yet another oscar - caliber performance as the film 's cynical lead , and is back at work , not playing a goofy u . s . president or a comic book villian , but instead playing jack nicjolson , and playing him full force . 
all of this adds up to this year 's funniest comedy , a creative , witty , and scathing film from james l . brooks , and brooks gets award - worthy performances from the entire cast . 
jack nicholson gives yet another oscar - caliber performance as the film 's cynical lead , and is back at work , not playing a goofy u . s . president or a comic book villian , but instead playing jack nicjolson , and playing him full force . 
the acting is also pretty good , especially for what is almost a porn ( ousting linda lovelace as best actress in a porn ) . while james spader is pretty boring ( he 's usually pretty intense ) , deborah kara ungar is amazing . 
while i hardly enjoyed " crash , " it 's still a pretty intriguing portrayal of a group of people who , if the exist , are some of the strangest and most bizarre people in the world . 
his car crash scenes are quick and exciting mini - masterpieces 
while this is admittingly all a bit comical ( the film is almost like a black comedy ) , the film does do a pretty awesome portrayal of people who 's main fetish is living on the edge . 
but the film is stolen by elias kosteas who plays his character so intensely that he almost upstages everyone . 
these people are able to share a rush between two completely different entities , and the film , which does n't exactly pain them in a negative light , is sucessful in bringing them to light , even if it leaves the viewer unnerved and generally freaked out . 
he has a great deal of energy in several scenes , especially one scene where he 's taking photographs of a picture , and a later scene where he 's getting a freaky tatoo . 
he shows a deniro - like presence , hinting that he 's capable of bigger roles . 
not to mention the acting is generally pretty good , and we do n't really see a lot of the actors completely exposed . 
holly hunter , who gets extra credit just for appearing in something like this , is pretty good , and so is rosanna arquette ( who adds a kinda cool kinkiness to her role ) . 
the acting is also pretty good , especially for what is almost a porn ( ousting linda lovelace as best actress in a porn ) . while james spader is pretty boring ( he 's usually pretty intense ) , deborah kara ungar is amazing . 
even more remarkably , it works . 
phifer also comes to play in this movie , with a nice blend of charisma , fear , love and anger spread over his character . 
( pun intended ) it 's a moving picture with great performances , no shakespearian speak ( thank you , god ! ) and an outstanding directorial job by nelson . 
you also have to give it up to all of the actors in this film , who turn over some very convincing performances , taking you through all of their characters ' ups and downs . 
the final scene alone is enough to send a massive chill down your spine , and i was especially impressed with the director 's choice of music near the end . 
( pun intended ) it 's a moving picture with great performances , no shakespearian speak ( thank you , god ! ) and an outstanding directorial job by nelson . 
is it worth seeing ? oh , most definitely ! 
julia stiles was also good , but her character was n't much different from others that she 's played recently . 
critique : a very powerful , thoroughly depressing , well - acted " non - teen " movie starring a bunch of teens . 
while the film is uneven , many of its gags are price less . 
the movie also features meryl streep , appealing 
during his " trial , " brooks must view episodes of his life on a movie screen , and these scenes are both hysterically funny and painfully poignant . 
as the love - interest , and shirley maclaine , who pops up in a hilarious cameo . 
defending your life is an imaginative vision of the afterlife from the twisted mind of writer - director albert brooks , who also stars in the comedy . 
in fact , some of the best scenes are ben stiller 's wonderfully underplayed comic moments of absolute disgust and frustration with his employer . 
there 's a much meatier movie in here . . . 
his lightning quick inferences are as fascinating as many of sherlock 's own . 
zero 's relationship with gloria is low - key , but it hits all the right notes . 
jake kasdan , son of one of the best screenwriters around , breaks into filmmaking by writing and directing this hard - to - categorize detective story : part mystery , part comedy , part character study and part romance . 
zero effect works well during its romantic scenes as well . 
zero 's brilliance really begins to shine . 
for the most part , kasdan manages to combine the genres successfully and create a captivating film . 
as the mystery begins to unfold , zero 's deductions lead the plot in interesting directions , but never lose the viewer . 
although zero effect is a bit awkward in places , it is a strong debut for kasdan , and shows great promise . 
and it is shockingly moving . . . expressing a seriousness that heretofore was unassociated with the character , but one which fits in well . 
and while obviously made on a modest budget , the film boasts enormous strengths . the casting is spot on , the acting is terrific and the script is intelligent , witty and consistently engaging , cleverly updating the original . 
the film does n't drag for a second of its 90 minute running time thanks to tight editing and the sure hand of little - known director terrance h . winkless . 
but his performance here as an alien in human disguise is nothing short of outstanding . 
not to be confused with the campy and far inferior 1988 remake starring ex - porn star traci lords , this more recent attempt at remaking the 1950 's drive - in schlockfest not of this earth is a real gem and was quite possibly the best sci - fi flick of 1995 . 
not of this earth is one of the biggest sci - fi surprises in years . 
this is a tour - de - force and quite simply the best performance i 've seen from him . 
it seems criminal that the film was released direct to video in most countries , because it 's an absolute must - see for sci - fi fans and a treat for anyone who enjoys decently acted and written thrillers with a kooky bent . 
well i 'll be damned , what a most excellent surprise . 
the film does n't drag for a second of its 90 minute running time thanks to tight editing and the sure hand of little - known director terrance h . winkless . 
just see it . 
the balance of horror and humour is just about perfect , a marked contrast to the earlier remake from 1988 . 
production design by terrence marsh spans continents and gives the right look , whether it is in a hong kong karaoke bar or a high stakes las vegas casino . 
" first and foremost to me , in " rh2 , " is the immense pleasure in watching jackie chan 's artistry in fight choreography . 
" the combo of the terrific physical talents of chan and the non - stop motor mouth of tucker made for an ethnically unusual duet in " rush hour " that played well to audiences around the world . 
you do n't mess with success , so the team is back again , and better , in " rush hour 2 . 
like harold lloyd or buster keaton , chan takes pride in putting his physical self on the line in pursuit of his artistry and is a joy to watch . 
leonetti has had a long career of shooting action flicks and gives " rh2 " the fluid camera movement the genre film needs . 
the supporting cast is here to move things along efficiently . 
director ratner and the original " rush hour " production team have assembled a crew of skilled craftsmen to work behind the camera . 
the formula worked so well 
surprisingly , " rush hour 2 " wastes no time getting down to business and turns out to be better than the flick that spawned it . 
i 'm surprised to even say that " rush hour 2 " is the most entertaining of the summer blockbuster movies . 
it takes the best of the first film and kicks jurassic dino butt in its fun , frolic and fast pace and is the best mainstream thing out , so far , this summer . 
his moves look every bit as good as they ever did as he fights four or five nemesis at once on bamboo scaffolding , on the tail end of a yacht , in a hong kong massage parlor and , for the finale , in a las vegas casino . 
" crouching tiger , hidden dragon " ) continues to display her martial arts skills 
he does not disappoint . 
the rest of the techs are of the same high quality . 
roselyn sanchez is knockdown gorgeous ( and resembles sandra bullock ) as undercover agent isabella molina - she does n't add much to the equation but is terrific to watch . 
the combo of chan 's flying feet and fists with tucker 's fast mouth make a duet more endearing than riggs and murtaugh in the " lethal weapon " films . 
with external scenes filmed at blemheim palace in england ( also the one of the sites for the recent the avengers ) , the grandiose quality of the setting is immediately established . interior scenes are similarly graced with intricate and flamboyant rooms and chambers . 
his off - camera speaking , while gripping , sort of downplays the scene to a narration done by any other well - voiced actor . 
as his murderous uncle claudius both fill the classic roles superbly , as do many of the supporting players . 
crystal proves himself able to deliver the lines with both the timing of a classic actor and the verbal countenance of a comedian , and the result is a very funny scene . 
costuming is equally grand , drawing upon both history and imagination . . 
as the player king , the leader of a troupe of traveling actors , he is absolutely breathtaking when narrating the story of priam and hecuba . 
not quite the denmark of the 1600 's , the characters ' attire is something of a cross between that era and turn of the century russia , very effectively giving the film more of a timeless feel . 
billy crystal is surprisingly good as the gravedigger who unearths the skull of yorick , whom hamlet knew quite well . 
the hamlet castle 's grand throne room is an impressive piece of work incorporating high ceilings , mirror - panel doors , and bridges which connect opposite sides of a second - story loft . 
every scene truly revolves around hamlet , as much a tribute to branagh 's acting and directing 
nicholas farrell as hamlet 's trusted friend horatio , and timothy spall and reece dinsdale as the two - timing rosencrantz and guildenstern round out the excellent core cast . 
it is not surprising that tim harvey and alexandra byrne were nominated for best art direction and best costume design oscars , respectively . 
lange gives a strong and spirited portrayal of a woman on the edge who draws up the courage to try and put things right for her family . 
the performances are solid throughout . 
locane is very good as she fights to keep her family together while struggling with her own doubts as to whether she even should . 
the film joins an alread promising fall line - up of films and is well worth catching for the performances alone . 
jones is sympathetic and loving and is most effective in those quiet moments when he tries to deal with his wife 's rage . 
if your expectations are lower ( and better , i might add ) , you will enjoy the hell out of american pie . 
i could n't stop laughing during this movie , and if you can stand all the raunch and the sex references , then american pie is for you . 
most of the actors get their job done , but it 's levy who 's a hoot , a father who tries to talk sex with his son with the help of some curious " visual aids " . 
( i 'll talk about that later ? ) but because the re - created ship and sets were stunning to look at , as was cameron 's directing , and the performances of the principal cast were so strong that the " human " aspect of the story , the romance between rose ( kate winslet ) and jack ( leonardo dicaprio ) , was enchanting 
( i 'll talk about that later ? ) but because the re - created ship and sets were stunning to look at , as was cameron 's directing , and the performances of the principal cast were so strong that the " human " aspect of the story , the romance between rose ( kate winslet ) and jack ( leonardo dicaprio ) , was enchanting 
it 's certainly one of the most powerful and memorable films i 've ever seen , 
but its more than redeemed by the acting , with dicaprio and winslet on fine form , ably supported by a strong cast . 
mainly yes , i 'm happy to say . 
her presence brings a much deeper level of passion , and depth to the story , and though her appearances are relatively brief , the film would have suffered without her . also impressive are dicaprio and winslet , who wholly succeed in rising above the often poor dialogue , and the bond they form is both heartfelt and moving 
i have n't even mentioned james horner 's beautiful score . utterly heavenly , though when your dad and sister play the soundtrack a lot you do start to get a bit bored with it ! 
it 's an old story , you know -- forbidden love ala romeo and juliet -- but it works , and jack 's " rescuing " rose ( in both literal and figurative senses ) and teaching her to live life for what counts was pointed and touching . in fact , i enjoyed the first half of the film a lot , largely because winslet and dicaprio bring such and charm , energy to the romance . it 's engaging , touching and very enjoyable . there 's more than a tinge of poignancy to it as well , 
why did n't she win that oscar ? ! 
after all , they were throwing oscars at " titanic " left , right and centre , but gloria was perhaps the most deserving nominee . directing - wise cameron does a spectacular job . 
her presence brings a much deeper level of passion , and depth to the story , and though her appearances are relatively brief , the film would have suffered without her . also impressive are dicaprio and winslet , who wholly succeed in rising above the often poor dialogue , and the bond they form is both heartfelt and moving 
what does add a lot to the story is gloria stuart , whose stunning performance is the strongest , most moving of the film . 
the first hour or so was beautifully done , not so much because of the scripting 
it 's ok , though the jack / rose relationship was beautifully developed 
i loved the ending , however , which was both moving and slightly uplifting following the horror of the past hour and a half . 
still maintains his comic - slapstick edge , as expected of him and his films . 
jackie chan continues to be one of the most exciting martial artists on the big screen , continuing to perform his own stunts and dazzling audiences with his flashy kicks and punches . 
while not necessarily poignant , attempts at character development and growth between characters come off surprisingly well . 
still being inventive in the use of objects to beat people up ( in this case , a steering wheel , a serving tray , and a barstool ) , jackie chan proves to be the pioneer of slapstick kung fu . 
jackie chan continues to be one of the most exciting martial artists on the big screen , continuing to perform his own stunts and dazzling audiences with his flashy kicks and punches . 
while rush hour is not at the same level as police story 3 and 4 ( known in north america as supercop and jackie chan 's first strike , respectively ) , it more than makes up for the poorly received films operation condor and mr . nice guy . with its appropriate mixture of high kicks and lots of laughs , it makes for a fun film . 
despite the necessary conventions of action films , rush hour is some of the most fun you 'll spend and hour and forty minutes watching . 
while dialogue is not necessarily shakespeare , it is appropriate for the film and still very funny . 
when he is in action , however , you 'll be amused and dazzled . still being inventive in the use of objects to beat people up ( in this case , a steering wheel , a serving tray , and a barstool ) , jackie chan proves to be the pioneer of slapstick kung fu . 
also , they found people that know their parts as govenment officials well 
then the fun begins . 
this movie was exceptional for many reasons . 
this is exactly what happened in this movie , but fortunately , they managed to do it in an interesting and funny way . 
that have good chemisty together . they worked very well as a unit and they mirrored each other perfectly , one being a ladies man and one being the old man 
it has a great premise but does n't deliver up to it 's full potential . 
and i also enjoyed the cameos featuring the likes of rob reiner , james cameron and martin scorsese . 
i like sharon stone in this movie too ; it 's a nice change of pace for her . 
" i still left the theater feeling good . and that 's something i wish i got out of more movies . 
but , i like albert brooks in this film and i think that we can all identify with steven phillips a little bit . 
the muse " is albert brooks ' sixth film as writer / director / actor ( he co - wrote with monica johnson ) and although it 's a good movie 
a fun football movie . 
you could also watch it if you like teen flicks with a lot of cute guys and girls running around doing their stuff . 
i also enjoyed jon voight 's performance as the stubborn dick coach , as well as many of the other character players on the team . 
having said that , i enjoyed the look and feel of the movie 
, thought james van der beek gave a solid performance , loved the slick sounds , and yup , loved that t&a ! 
all in all , i would definitely watch this movie if you like football , play football or want your kid to succeed in high school football . 
it 's an intelligent , horrifying and best film experience ever made . 
i think i have seen ' halloween ' over 100 times and each time i find something new and brilliant , and each time i am scared even though i know what is going to happen 
what john carpenter did in 1978 is made a ground - breaking new film , with scares , wit , and style . the movie is flawless if not perfect . no other movie or sequel has lived up to this one , and in my opinion never will . 
then watch it again ! reviewed by brandon herring october 7 , 1999 . 
to me it 's the best dvd ever manufactured with the brilliance of the film 
the film starts out with a creepy opening sequence to which has the now classic and creepy score by writer / director / producer john carpenter who in my mind is a brilliant director , he really is . 
still be extremely popular even almost 40 years later 
it has changed horror movies forever and spawned six sequels with only 2 , 4 , and 7 being truly good . 
i think he is and always will be famous for this classic which after 21 years has not lost it 's popularity or it 's ability to scare the wits out of people . 
i am completely and utterly obsessed with the film . 
this unconventional , powerful , and thought - provoking do n't come along very often . 
this was my second favorite movie of 1998 , and would have been a shoo - in for first 
although restricted to a relatively small role , sean penn is also very good 
although the initial scenes - which consist of two soldiers ' experiencing a near - eden - like paradise while going awol , and the preperations for battle - are effective and necessary , hints of pretentiousness sink in . 
he is absolutely perfect - genuine , sympathetic , sincere , and yet strong when he needs to be . 
this was my second favorite movie of 1998 , and would have been a shoo - in for first 
the final act is effective at winding the film down , but the problems from the first persist - it 's a bit too long , and comes over as pretentious at times . 
as to how it stacks up to " saving private ryan " - it was my second favorite movie of 1998 , " ryan " was my first . 
the second act is as immersive , brilliant , and haunting as any film that i have ever seen . 
all in all , " the thin red line " is filmmaking of an incredibly high order . 
it 's slight faults are easily offset by the sheer brilliance of what is done right 
that said , if you are in the right mood , it 's absolutely incredible 
i highly recommend both of them , and consider them to be the two best war movies ever made . 
they 're brutal , horrifying , and at times beautiful due to the amazing cinematography . 
the battle scenes are amazing 
that said , there are two sequences ( one where a soldier gets a devastating note from his wife , and another where one of the main characters is killed ) that are nothing short of incredible . the performances are phenominal all around . 
the two standouts are nick nolte and newcomer jim caviezel , both of whom should have been nominated for oscars . 
i 'd be hard - pressed to compare it to any other film that i 've seen - it is very , very artsy , incredibly slow - and amazingly , it works beautifully . 
" it does well . 
nevertheless , mst3k : tm provides more laugh - out - loud opportunities than any film you 're going to see this year , and i thoroughly recommend it to anyone with a pulse . 
make jokes about everything from japan 's dominance in the world market , to star trek , to the state of disrepair of seattle 's kingdome , and most of them work . 
given its uniqueness 
it 's amazing how much is filled in through an inspired cast , perceptive camerawork , and imaginative ways of treating the love scene . 
chareau 's restless camera ( once again wielded by superb and ever - attentive cinematographer eric gautier ) is less appropriate here than in his family transit - oriented those who love me can take the train . 
in his unassuming way , spall 's carefully etched interpretation of hostility buried under a mountain of surface propriety may become one of the most criminally underappreciated performances of the year , but maybe also one of the best . 
that may be the very reason why intimacy seems unerringly impressive but never particularly significant on more than a tactile , sensory level . 
intimacy does manage to stand out from lesser portraits of " human interconnectedness " and pinter - esque rummages through psychological dirty drawers ( okay , kill me ) . 
in his unassuming way , spall 's carefully etched interpretation of hostility buried under a mountain of surface propriety may become one of the most criminally underappreciated performances of the year , but maybe also one of the best . he 's that good . 
despite being as restless as a fly during the hyperactive restaurant scenes ( all the better to blend in with a hustling crowd of gabby trendsetters ) , you 'd be hard pressed to find a single uninteresting image . 
an evaluation would be incomplete without highlighting the great timothy spall ( the robust scene - stealer of many a mike leigh collaboration ) . 
with sharp , intelligent eyes that reflect experience and maturity , rylance and fox are refreshingly detached from the false glamour of hollywood idols . 
their sex scenes together are bracing in their raw honesty , in the acceptance of flesh and messiness . 
there are some great laughs in the movie ( with a script co - written by the sixth sense 's m . night shyamalan no less ! ) , some moments that can only be described as " too cute " ( the boat race sequence is what won me over ) and even the majority of the one - liners ( common nowadays in children 's films or films featuring nathan lane ) are tolerable . 
kids and parents will love this one . 
this is the way to do dvd , a good movie loaded with great features at a reasonable cost . 
" thanks to a winning family film sure appreciate them . 
the character of stuart , while obviously a computer generated image , grows on you as the film progresses and you 'll soon see him as much more than a mere special effect 
stuart little is a charming family film . 
it 's fascinating to watch these cats give performances without an actual mouse to interact with . 
but unlike many " personal " movies of the era , its " personality " was in line with the wishes of the general audience . 
george lucas ' direction is very good , with the clever editing and a well - paced segments between action and dramatic buildup . 
often comparisons with 2001 : space odyssey , another ground - breaking sf film , were citing the sheer number of effects as a proof of the lucas ' superiority over kubrick . however , the special effects by john dykstra and john stears are indeed impressive , even after two decades ( although 1997 special edition did improve them significantly ) , yet they are n't the most remembered trademark of the movie . 
some of the actors are very good - alec guiness in his most famous role to date , james earl jones whose voice is enough to cause unease , peter cushing as an incarnation of pure evil in human form . 
they should watch this film nevertheless , perhaps only to become familiar with something that is essential part of contemporary culture . 
characters are well - drawn and deliver all the necessary ingredients , both for the space opera and hollywood blockbuster . 
george lucas with its science fiction epic was among the first to come into rescue . the audience responded with unprecedented enthusiasm , and huge financial success of the movie , later backed by supplement industry of toys , books , comics , role playing games and other merchandise , slowly began to change the face of hollywood . serious , adult movies with artistic ambitions faded into oblivion , and were replaced by industrial products of " blockbuster " philosophy . 
however , in 1977 star wars showed once and for all that this genre can be inspiration for popular movies , even among the audience that usually does n't like it . 
that honour should definitely go to the " oscar " -winning soundtrack by john williams , whose work on star wars is probably the brightest gem in his brilliant career 
that honour should definitely go to the " oscar " -winning soundtrack by john williams , whose work on star wars is probably the brightest gem in his brilliant career 
the thing that looked like the most important segment of star wars phenomena during its initial release was the new level of special effects technology . 
anyway , watching of star wars was one of the most important movie going experiences of my life . 
it was the defining moment in the history of modern cinema . 
( a character in the film does the latter with humorous consequences ) . 
even if you know what is going to happen or if you think the preview ruined the movie for you , like it almost did for me , check this movie out . you may be surprised as well . 
overall , i was very pleased with frequency . 
maybe because the plot is so creative and universal that i believed that this is how most people would act when talking to a dead relative . 
both are also wonderful feel - good family films that can attract to a number of generations . 
while in the film , which is not enough , the aforementioned actors steal every scene they are in . 
" i love you dad " segments in movies , but this one surprisingly satisfied me . 
frequency was a pleasant surprise for me and the audience i saw it with who cheered at the end . 
it 's occasional sappy moments perfectly synchronized with its suspenseful serial killer scenes . 
the cinematography of luciano tovoli , whose more recent credits include reversal of fortune and single white female , is uniformly superb . 
a stereo video player adds greatly to the viewer 's overall experience . 
what impresses most in re - watching this surrealistic , supernatural thriller is that argento 's directorial flair and stylish visuals are matched by a near - fully coherent narrative . 
but no , this tacky plug comes from the poster for suspiria , perhaps italian horror director dario argento 's most consistently successful film . 
as it stands , the use of goblin 's music in suspiria is outstanding . 
that 's most impressive . 
a nod also must go to production designer giuseppe bassan for his wonderful baroque interiors . 
suspiria is the film that broke dario argento into the major league of european directors , and it is fully deserving of its cult status . 
though nothing else quite equals the intensity of suspiria 's opening 15 minutes , the film continues to be never anything less than engrossing as harper begins her own investigations and slowly comes to realise this is no ordinary ballet school . 
the dubbing of the italian actors into english is quite competently done , too , excepting one appalling and unintentionally hilarious effort with a conversation between harper and a professor about the history of witchcraft in the region . 
fortunately , he gets the plotting pretty well right with suspiria , taking his cue from a book by thomas de quincey called " suspiria de profundis " . 
this is a fascinating , compelling example of italian horror . 
fortunately , the cuts to suspiria ( about 7 minutes in this version ) have not adversely affected the film . 
what impresses most in re - watching this surrealistic , supernatural thriller is that argento 's directorial flair and stylish visuals are matched by a near - fully coherent narrative . 
fonda , on the other hand , plays the slightly spaced - out melanie with satisfactory relish and cuteness , such that even when she is annoying louis , we are taking her side . 
go see the film and see what i mean . 
this is a tribute to both direction and acting . 
pam grier , of whom i had never taken notice before , plays jackie with a mix of confidence and vulnerability which makes her character believable . 
most of the performances in jackie brown are above par . 
jackson has a kind of mesmerizing quality about him as he handles himself in situations where you know he is in total control . 
overall , viewing jackie brown is time spent well . 
the dialog is quick and snappy . it grabs our attention and is actually interesting , and in many respects , this makes jackie brown a film which needs few visuals ; the lines are a form of art in and amongst themselves . 
at least this film has a little imagination . 
but the stories they tell are uplifting , containing nothing too frightening for our younger children . 
a positive note is that the studio has avoided any segment which is as perversely dark as nihgt on bald mountain upon which the original film ended . 
with seven new sequences and one old favorite , fantasia 2000 exhibits an imagination and respect for its art form that is absent from most other feature films . 
it was not only worth the waiting , it is evidence to just how far animation has come during the past half - decade 
music has an impact which can be undeniably felt , capable of leading the listener to emotional peaks and inspirational highs simply not attainable through other mediums . 
children will like the short piece set to carnival of the animals by camille saint - saens . 
there is enough variety in the program to provide something enjoyable for everyone and surely , people will exit the theaters with their own personal favorites 
if fantasia 2000 is able to introduce a new audience to music which inspires and exalts , it will have done an incredible service . 
this one 's as good as old yeller . 
opinion : this excellent , excellent family movie . 
it is one of those priceless screen gems that nobody knows about because it 's not highly advertised . 
you wo n't find any formula schlock , cutesy characters , canned spirituality , sequel teasers or commercial tie ins , but you will find the education of little tree to be a refreshing , impeccably acted , original , wonderful , and touching film . take the whole family and bring a box of tissues for the tearjerkers . 
instead , they merely deliver a very good time at the movies . 
disney cements their place in the forefront of feature animation with the release of their latest animated adventure , mulan . 
, this is a very well made film ( which makes the formulaic additions all the more regrettable ) . 
the animation is on par with some of disney 's best . the story itself is interesting , and the action scenes are awe - inspiring . the musical score to the film is enjoyable , though , as has been the case with disney 's recent work , the songs are mostly forgettable . 
while it adheres a bit too close to the disney formula to be perfect , it is nonetheless an entertaining film for both kids and adults . 
this is an intelligent science fiction film with no special effects , just personalities and ideas . , high +2 ( -4 to +4 ) 
the title is lackluster and non - memorable , though very appropriate when you know about the film . 
you end up kind of rooting for the little guy ? that 's basically how i felt about this movie . i mean , it 's not very good , but it 's not completely bad either . 
but who cares ? if you 're looking for good ol' dumb suspense movie , you ca n't do much better than this . and if you suspense buffs are n't already sold , it has a killer of an ending too . 
but why does such a tremendous feat of eye candy have to be weighted down with a problematic story , wooden dialogue and generally uncharismatic voice acting ? 
with a team of 200 graphic artists and animators working on this first film production from game developer squaresoft 's square pictures , final fantasy , inspired by the top - selling game franchise , is visually awe - inspiring and groundbreaking . no doubt , you have never seen anything like this film , and the hyperbolic fanfare surrounding its release is absolutely deserved . 
everything you see in the film is rendered in great detail 
it 's unfortunate , because the plot seems so intricately thought out 
there 's no question that the roughly 33 million people who have bought at least one final fantasy game will be eager to see this movie , and so should anyone who enjoys being floored by the best cg animation ever put to film 
but , when the lights come up and the credits roll , you 're more likely to be remarking on how fantastic the film looked 
nevertheless , the end result is an elaborate story complicated by confusing holes . 
overall , the expressions and lip movements fairly accurately match the emotions and dialogue ; and the times when they do n't sync perfectly really stand out , since the animation is usually so dazzling . 
the next stellar monster or effect will have you muttering , " wow . . . " like the series of games , final fantasy 's plot and characters have little to do with its predecessors , outside of being born from the same japanese mastermind , hironobu sakaguchi . 
overall , the expressions and lip movements fairly accurately match the emotions and dialogue ; and the times when they do n't sync perfectly really stand out , since the animation is usually so dazzling . 
unfortunately , no particular cast member gives a star - making performance , which is too bad because the material here could have made many of the cast members stars 
dina meyer does a much better job of fleshing out her character . 
michael ironside gives the best performance of the film as the teacher with one arm . 
his direction is fast and unrelentless . he never slows down his pace , which makes for a wild ride . 
thankfully , no hero is punching aliens in the face , which gives the flat characters some depth for which we can identify with . 
the writing is usually very funny , and sometimes very corny . 
he does give a good performance . 
starship troopers , on the other hand , has a mocking sense of humor , knowing perfectly well how ridiculous it may seem . as a result , starship troopers is a more exciting , energetic , and lively science fiction film . 
his performance rises above the rest . 
the dialogue is smart but not too smart . 
oh , and the special effects are first rate . 
jake busey , gary busey 's son , gives a wonderfully funny performance , and provides one of the biggest laughs of the film . 
perhaps , but when a science fiction film comes along that can mix humor and romance , effectively , into the warring races . 
in reality , i found myself watching a space version of " melrose place , " but with better special effects . 
mixing a web - based interface , these summations of events are refreshingly original . stating , " would you like to know more ? " , these short news bulletins give the film an immediate sense of humor , and we know we should not take it seriously . 
denise richards also does a good job , and her scenes are very well done . 
and surprisingly , it is more entertaining than id4 . 
the cast of starship troopers is quite annoying to begin with , but they soon grow on you . 
starship troopers , on the other hand , has a mocking sense of humor , knowing perfectly well how ridiculous it may seem . as a result , starship troopers is a more exciting , energetic , and lively science fiction film . in fact , i probably could never get tired of watching this film . 
however , if you are old enough ( over 17 ) to see it , starship troopers is guaranteed to entertain . 
her dizzy is extremely likeable . 
a true artist in her own right - gives the entire film an earthy , sensual glow and certainly solidifies and , by her very appearance , downright justifies the themes of the movie . 
it 's funny , sexy and subversive . and it should n't be missed . 
billed as a " feminist sex fantasy " , this spirited , imaginative and thoroughly engaging film by the award - winning canadian director cynthia roberts , is destined for extreme reactions . 
this speaks volumes towards the importance of state funding for culture , as one can not imagine such an entertaining , original and vital film being made in a traditional setting where conformity and formula rule the day . 
political considerations aside , however , this is a delightful lesbian love story as the film takes us on a whirlwind tour of bubbles ' romantic entanglements with a naive and virginal young porn starlet dory drawers ( shauny sexton ) . 
adding a lovely fantasy element to this frothy concoction . this bright , colourful and deliriously sexy film is chock - full of great performances . making her dramatic debut , after appearing in over 300 triple x adult films , porn star nina hartley takes command of her role with considerable assurance and a screen presence which puts many other contemporary ' straight ' actresses to shame . 
the other performances are equally solid . 
this bright , colourful and deliriously sexy film is chock - full of great performances . making her dramatic debut , after appearing in over 300 triple x adult films , porn star nina hartley takes command of her role with considerable assurance and a screen presence which puts many other contemporary ' straight ' actresses to shame . hartley has overwhelming star power , and one wonders why other non - triple - x producers have n't used her bountiful talents . 
the love scenes between the women are especially beautiful . 
the direction by cynthia roberts is daring and subversive . 
shauny sexton , an erotic dancer and pin - up model , makes an impressive screen debut . 
this femme - butch - femme triangle is what provides the film with considerable humanity * and * sensuality . 
the musical score by nicholas stirling blends cool jazz and lounge stylings , while the skilful cinematography by harald bachmann terrifically captures a blend of garish 70 's porn and psychedelia . 
in the process , they also find that " freshness " ( with some very funny jokes on this word as well ) becomes a much more important tool than they imagined . 
with some very nice performances , in this hectic , and fast paced film , this film gives us a sitting of two hours 
that is satisfying in many ways , although a failed love story between goro and hanako does not come off much , even though towards the end it is suggested . 
what fun it is . worth seeing . 
funny and pointed in its own way . 
well , he 's no eddie murphy , but he can really crack you up . 
for the simple reason that he has performed his own stunts in his every movie he 's ever appeared in , he should be awarded greatly . 
however , first strike was probably the most exciting out of the three , for the simple reason that practice makes perfect . 
even the plot to this film improved above the others , as a sort - of twisted nuclear - weapon smuggling deal is botched and jackie takes the blame . 
his last two movies were almost like practice and this one was great . 
i can sum up first strike in one word : awesome . 
with some of the most high - flying stunts and side - splitting comedy , first strike is a sure - fire hit that 's guaranteed to draw some major , world - wide attention 
the same tom and jerry formula that was used to make chan 's rumble in the bronx and supercop so entertaining can be found here as well . 
never in my life have i seen an actor as insanely dedicated as jackie chan . 
first strike is action - packed , but the fight scenes are so fast and furious , they almost have a witty , italian - like humor to them . 
its views of science and religion will no doubt aggrivate some , but will stimulate more . 
it is the best alien movie since close encounters of the 3rd kind , and will end up being the best film of the year . 
it is the best alien movie since close encounters of the 3rd kind , and will end up being the best film of the year . 
this one , like all hitchcock films , is well worth savoring . 
the great master shows his hand there as the tensions build as rapidly in the second part as they lay fallow in the first . 
to call him the " master of suspense " is an understatement . 
the end includes many devastating revelations and some nice twists so it is too bad 
do n't miss it . ) in the second half the story finally comes alive when it gets into the courtroom . 
moments like this are too effective to be dismissed as gimmicks . 
deceiver , which mostly transpires in a dimly - lit room and involves a lot of smart dialogue , has the feel of a david mamet play : edgy , claustrophobic , and tense . 
occasionally gripping and never uninteresting , deceiver is a fine noir effort . 
deceiver has the power to grab an audience . 
there are some fascinating stylistic touches ; for example , although the setting is contemporary , all of the telephones are old - fashioned , rotary models . 
one of the best things about deceiver is that it never talks down to the audience . 
as wayland , tim roth gives the film 's top performance , despite occasionally treading the tightrope between acting and overacting . 
some of the things he tries ( mostly those that involve the contrast between light and shadow ) work exceptionally well , while others ( like any of several lazy susan shots ) seem more like unnecessary visual tricks . 
the atmosphere is explosive , and some of pivotal moments of confrontation are riveting . 
rosanna arquette is solid as kennesaw 's wife , and michael parks delivers several wonderful scenes as a psychiatrist who 's entrusted with evaluating wayland 's condition . 
some of the best work is turned in by the supporting actors . 
the pates give audience members credit for having brains , which is an increasingly rare characteristic for film makers . 
i was amazed at how vivid and real these situations feel 
the leads shine ; there is no bad performance ; in fact , these do not seems like performances at all , but genuine people , trapped on the doomed vessel , facing certain death . 
very . . well spent . 
this , the most expensive movie ever made , $ 200 million , is destined to make its profit back , and then some . it also has more emotion and warmth than any other film this year . . even this decade . 
now , more than 50 years later , a film has been made . and what a film that is . james cameron 's newest movie is a landmark in storytelling , emotion , and special effects . 
that thing you do ! , complete with a nifty original song that actually sounded authentic , is a fun and enjoyable movie 
, from first - time film director tom hanks , is an enjoyable tale about a fictional band , the wonders , that goes from a garage band to the band with the fastest selling album in the country . 
tom hanks ' directorial debut was a good one and should lead to more work for him . 
that , although it does n't become clear if it wants to be a comedy , drama , or romance , is a well - made look into the world of music . 
mute witness , however , was original , offbeat , and well - made . 
definately check this movie out ; although , as a word of warning , it does contain several scenes of rather grisly violence which certainly are n't for the squeamish . 
the rest of the film takes good advantage of billy 's vulnerable position as a mute foreigner in moscow being pursued by powerful criminal figures . 
one of those cool little finds that no one seems to know about . 
comments : mute witness came as a surprise to me the first time i watched it . 
suffice to say that this artfully paced study of a woman suffering a nervous breakdown offers an intriguing plot , loads of atmosphere and solid acting , though the dialogue is somewhat weakened by the dubbing into english . 
suffice to say that this artfully paced study of a woman suffering a nervous breakdown offers an intriguing plot , loads of atmosphere and solid acting , though the dialogue is somewhat weakened by the dubbing into english . 
alongside the appalling zombie schlock of hacks like lucio fulci , beyond the door ii is simply a revelation . in his day bava was considered by most to be no great filmmaker , yet here he fashioned one of the finest italian horror movies of the 1970 's . 
- that is guaranteed to lift you ten feet out of your chair . 
at least one moment - brilliantly engineered by bava 
the music by italian ensemble libra is also effective , mixing odd - sounding 70 's rock with classic gothic piano sequences . 
alongside the appalling zombie schlock of hacks like lucio fulci , beyond the door ii is simply a revelation . in his day bava was considered by most to be no great filmmaker , yet here he fashioned one of the finest italian horror movies of the 1970 's . 
bava coaches a surprisingly good performance from the usually wooden daria nicolodi , wife of famed italian horror director dario argento . 
scholars of the genre take note : beyond the door ii is stylish , chilling , and essential . 
while not talking much , he is a grand physical presence , leaving other comic book superheroes in the dust . 
blade uses common notions of vampires and incorporates them into the film , creating an appropriate atmosphere . 
wesley snipes is the saving grace behind what would have otherwise been a muddled mess . 
while vampire disintegration scenes are intriguing to watch , other cgi ( computer generated imagery ) effects are almost slapped together , which is surprising when given the amount of time the film was given to be released ( the film 's release date was pushed back multiple times ) . 
for the most part , it is because the filmmakers understand the comic book medium and come up with an appropriate atmosphere to match . 
a decent ( by comic book film standards ) storyline also helps . 
proving that quick , flash cutting edits are no substitute for choreographed fight sequences ( see batman and robin for a good example of that ) , wesley snipes dazzles the audience with some incredible fight scenes 
the performances are incredibly rich , with hidden meaning behind every characters ' actions . 
revealing more would spoil the fun of jackie brown , and that 's the biggest reason to go see a tarantino film . 
the cinematography is very well done by guillermo navarro ( who has worked with tarantino on previous films ) and the editing is very good 
the real treat , of course , is pam grier who gives an astonishing performance as jackie brown . 
bridget fonda gives a very good performance 
his previous film needed a second viewing in order to understand the time differentiation , but jackie brown is very simply to follow , especially considering that the time is given during the " leaps " in time . 
jackson is very strong in his role . 
perhaps the best thing about jackie brown is the discovery of pam grier as a major hollywood actress . 
as a film by itself , jackie brown is a terrific piece of entertainment , with a complex plot to draw viewers in . 
jackie brown is the result , and it is fantastic entertainment . despite excellent direction from tarantino , 
this all leads up to a very interesting conclusion , which decides who is on whose side . 
jackson is very good , but it seems to me that he was replaying his jules winnfield character from pulp fiction ( although much less cynical ) . 
the cast steals the film , giving one good performance after another . 
robert forster gives one of the best performances in the film , as he has one of the most developed characters . 
the dialogue is pretty much intelligent , and all the characters are fully realized . the cinematography is very well done by guillermo navarro ( who has worked with tarantino on previous films ) and the editing is very good 
overall he does a good job 
he is present throughout most of the film , and he holds his own against jackson and grier . 
pam grier gives a stunning performance as jackie brown , and she is supported by an incredible mix of talent -- 
chris tucker has a small , but effective performance . 
i ca n't remember seeing her in anything ( except for a small role in mars attacks ! ) , but hopefully she will get many more roles from this one . expect to see her name floating around the oscar nominations ( and hopefully she will even be able to nab one ) . 
tarantino seems to have a fascination with hitmen and unusual predicaments ( and slang terms ) , but they are always done very well and believably . 
it 's a worthy effort , with terrific acting and some impressive writing from elmore leonard and tarantino . 
pam grier gives a stunning performance as jackie brown , and she is supported by an incredible mix of talent -- 
more than likely , you will see a few of these names in the oscar pool come oscar nominations . 
michael keaton comes across very well , as does michael bowen . 
the acting side of jackie brown is unforgettable . 
and as with pulp fiction , the music is a highlight , bringing back memorable songs from the 70s and 80s . 
the writing , on the other hand , is quite good , although i do find tarantino 's use of slang terms offensive . 
jackie brown is the result , and it is fantastic entertainment . despite excellent direction from tarantino , 
. . . . twister is your sure bet of 7 bucks well spent ! watch it in a good theatre . . . 
de bont once again proves his visual abiility 
thanks to the impressive digital effects by ilm ( lucasfilm 's industrial light and magic ) , we get to see the terror and destruction caused by tornadoes up close ; from stripping barns and houses to lifting up livestock ! 
the makers of jurassic park & the director of speed conjure up a storm ! 
like his previous film speed , the tornado sequences ( which are essentially the action sequences ) are well visualised and edited . audiences will be holding tight to their chairs everytime a tornado comes on screen ! the surround sound effects sure does help a lot in stressing the terror of a twister ! 
washington makes this film look good . 
washington 's is a performance of weight and emotional depth . 
the cast is game , the director does his job , and the subject matter is interesting , but the script takes the safer , slightly more boring route far too often . 
the hurricane " moves quickly , with no scene drawn out much further than necessary and the narrative galloping along nicely . 
his work is masterful , and for half of this film i realized that the scene i was watching would not have been nearly as affecting as it was if it had been in the hands of another actor . 
he must carry virtually every scene by sheer force of will , and he does so brilliantly 
norman jewison directs the film , doing a reasonably good job of pacing and shot selection . 
carter and lesra ( played nicely by shannon , who deserves credit ) are the only real people here ; everyone else is a stereotype . 
jewison puts together a particularly nice scene by utilizing a pretty cool trick : carter is sent to solitary confinement for 90 days when he refuses to wear a prison uniform , and jewison , assisted by some wonderful acting from a game washington , shows how carter gradually starts to lose his mind during the constant solitude , and eventually we get three rubin carters arguing with each other in one cell . 
" sounds pretty good to me . 
jewison handles his multiple flashbacks well ; the audience is always aware of just what the time and place of each scene is , and nothing is terribly confusing . 
jewison 's best achievement in " the hurricane " is succeeding at showing how carter becomes an embittered man during his hard - knock life , and how he is able to break out of that bitterness and learn to trust people again . 
his boxing scenes , constructed with clear inspiration from " raging bull , " get inside the action very well , and they are believable as real sports footage . 
it would perhaps be more accurate to say that washington embodies the character of rubin carter -- a fictional personality invented solely for the film . the actor 's work is masterful ; washington throws himself into every moment , refusing to keep the audience at arm 's length . we feel everything he feels : 
contact is a nobly intentioned but ultimately unsatisfying adaptation of carl sagan 's only novel . 
" this bit of unreality will jar people out of their suspension of disbelief . also , the level of technology portrayed in the film is too advanced to take place before the first decade of the next century . 
ellie arroway is a well - rounded character portrayed by one of the best actresses currently working . 
there is a lot to like about contact 
the film is technically impressive , especially in the scenes where the message is first received and during the destruction of the first machine . 
the part of the film dealing with the message has the best presentation of real science in a film since the andromeda strain . 
after the engaging beginning , it starts to falter . 
because of its lack of three dimensionality , the film looses most of its possibilities , but stays afloat because of some interesting scenes , amusing performances ( especially by willem dafoe ) and one interesting and important thought , depicted in many different ways throughout the movie . 
" existenz " has the opportunities and potential , but the enormous possibilities are never quite explored . 
but the last fifteen minutes lifted the film on a complete different level , explaining all past events , the silly dialogue and the unreal performances within a few scenes . and jet the film fails on several issues . 
however , " existenz " is moving in a different direction , with a premise of its own . 
however , morgan freeman is even better as detective william sommerset , the wise veteran on the verge of retirement ( and he does n't get killed by the end ) . 
what makes this film so unique is the characterization of the " good guys " which makes the unseen villain seem so vile . 
it 's extremely intriguing and suspenseful , but it 's also quite fun . 
this is a typical thrilling element , but it works perfectly here because of the process of the story . 
we become just as tense and worried as the detectives because of this thick atmosphere of the unknown . not that many films have such an interesting and intriguing screenplay as this . 
this is impressive because the mood is so tense , and the fact that it can be down - played as well as it is here ( let alone at all ) is quite an accomplishment . 
there is a great sense of camaraderie here which often provides for a breath of comic relief . 
" seven " is one of the best mystery movies i 've ever seen . 
this is impressive because the mood is so tense , and the fact that it can be down - played as well as it is here ( let alone at all ) is quite an accomplishment . 
if anything , this film is the epitome of twist endings . 
brad pitt stars is quite excellent as detective david mills , the cocky rookie . 
the way the words fade in and out , along with the freaky nine inch nails music really add a lot to the story on a subconscious level - even the credits are scary ! 
but what i really liked about this film is despite the fact that it 's a mess , despite the fact that what this film really needs is a good old fashioned rewrite by allen himself 
" celebrity " is , yes , a good film , but it 's only marginally satisfying as a woody allen film . 
he ignites the screen with intensity , and spares nothing in showing his character as narcissistically tyrannical , and totally heartbreaking for lee , who comes to him to talk about his script that he has read , and finds himself on a wild all - day ride with him . 
the sequence with theron , which is so good that i wished it had n't ended . a banana scene with bebe neuwirth ( droll as ever ) . and , perhaps the best sequence : a romp with hot - as - hell teen idol , brandon darrow , played by none other than leo dicaprio , who is so un - dicaprio - esque that if any of this fans could sit through this film , they 'd never look at him the same way . 
but other places are really great scenes . 
branagh brings along with him little of the woody allen charm , which actually allows for his character 's flaws to be more apparent . 
, it 's still a smart and insightful film . 
a fan ca n't help but feel visibly moved . 
besides , it 's witty , and it does have the one thing that no other film has but allen 's : that great woody allen feel 
the sequence with theron , which is so good that i wished it had n't ended . a banana scene with bebe neuwirth ( droll as ever ) . and , perhaps the best sequence : a romp with hot - as - hell teen idol , brandon darrow , played by none other than leo dicaprio , who is so un - dicaprio - esque that if any of this fans could sit through this film , they 'd never look at him the same way . 
allen 's writing in these scenes are so good that just for them , i 'd almost recommend the film . 
no one can make a film like him , and only he and maybe godard could possibly take a totally horrible metaphor , like the one in the beginning , and make it work not once but twice . 
besides , it 's witty , and it does have the one thing that no other film has but allen 's : that great woody allen feel 
peter gabriel contributes a score than is simply astonishing , with pulsing rhythms that capture the viewer . the performances are simply exquisite , with dafoe leading the way with a mesmerizing turn as jesus . 
it is truly one of scorsese 's finest moments . 
visually and aurally , the film is absolutely breathtaking . 
no other director has even come close to realizing jerusalem during the time of christ 's life to the screen . 
it is unfortunate that scorsese could n't make a film about christ as powerful as that one scene . 
the visuals are also amazing . 
keitel , although his accent is a problem , is passionately brilliant , fighting through language to bring the character to life . 
an astonishingly difficult movie to watch , the last temptation of christ may be scorsese 's most important film , and yet his most impossibly abstract as well . 
it is a simply breathtaking scene , with jesus about to die as a mortal . 
and even if it 's not a classic , saving private ryan is definitely one of the better war movies out there . 
saving private ryan is worth your time , but it 's definitely no schindler 's list . 
call me crazy , but i do n't see saving private ryan as the film of the summer . a good movie , yes , with chillingly realistic battle scenes and emotion to spare . 
much more effective are subtler scenes , like the one where several of hanks ' men are rifling thrugh a bag of dogtags from dead soldiers , and they make light of what they 're doing by pretending they 're playing poker . 
it makes saving private ryan a lot more powerful than an testosterone - driven stallone movie mission . 
the battle scenes are intense and realistic , but some of the attempts at sincere emotion are n't . 
one good thing about saving private ryan is that the soldiers who are headed to rescue ryan know it 's a mission designed to make the army look good . 
i have to admit that once the first glimpse of victory over the nazis sprang up , i could n't help but feel some sense of joy and relief . 
they never go overboard and always seem believable 
although the characters are somewhat typical , the actors maintain control over the material at all time . whether they 're arguing with each other , telling stories of back home , or fighting the germans , 
in fact , only a small amount of color and personality is sketched into each man , and the performances are good enough to make this method work . 
the final act brings the story full circle with another tremendous , violent battle sequence . 
one of the most surprising aspects of the film is how little story construction there is , and yet the events that take place make sense and are interesting 
forgotten more easily is the fact that each soldier , no matter what his rank or importance , is a real flesh - and - blood person and not just a number . " saving private ryan " is one of the few films that dares play up this aspect , especially in its unapologetic , realistic delivery . 
when you watch this movie , you definately notice the smartness and cleverness of it . 
' lake placid ' is definately not your typical creature attacking people movie , ok so maybe it is , but this one is enjoyable , and clever 
i will admit that ' lake placid ' is n't an oscar worthy film , but it does come off as an inventive movie that is original and funny . 
lake placid ' is a smart , clever , funny , and scary movie that i enjoyed and i think you will too . 
, writes this movie with ease and surprisingly does a great job 
lake placid ' is a smart , clever , funny , and scary movie that i enjoyed 
kelly who is the mastermind of the practice and ally mcbeal 
both do great jobs and both are a blast to watch . definitely one of the best films of the the summer of ' 97 , men in black comes highly recommeded from me ! 
, directs this nicely . 
it 's fun , it 's funny , it 's action - packed . a nice summer blockbuster as it rightfully turned out to be 
it has courage enough to get involved in politics . 
but despite of that , it is certainly an intelligent and thrilling film that provokes emotions and thoughts ; a virtue that few summer films can boast of . 
the film is elegantly shaped . 
denzel washington is dashing as always . in this role he is much more determined and stronger than usual . anette bening is enjoyable and believable 
the script is therefore wonderfully balanced . agent hubbard 's best friend and loyal colleague frank haddad ( tony shalhoub ) is lebanese - american . 
does it with a rarely observed professionalism . 
the scenes are easily floating into each other and the film never seems overlong . 
bruce willis is terrifying as the sadist , hungry for power , that never looses his connection with the audience , since his point of view is not too hard to understand . 
it is a daring picture that has courage enough to undertake such a risky story and difficult journey . 
what 's great about this film is that it is made as if holding up a mirror to life . it reflects reality . and that 's why it makes such an impact 
edward zwick has created a clever , well written and terrifying thriller that may very well be one of the best films of the season . 
the main highlight would be keaton 's performance . the character could have easily been an overacting , scene chewing freak , but keaton underplays it nicely . 
now that it 's out , i see no real reason for that delay , as it 's a simple yet highly entertaining film . 
the plot is strictly tv movie of the week fare , but the acting and direction certainly boost it far above that status . 
despite a few silly moments ( and one or two really stupid ones ) , the good things about " desperate measures " outnumber the bad . 
even the final scene of the film , which normally i would just hate , seems strangely appropriate for this film . so much so that i did n't mind it in the slightest . and another bonus : the film takes place in san francisco , which usually means a car chase on those hills that you 've seen a billion times before . 
ellen burstyn i think gives her best performance to date , and can be seen currently in " requiem for a dream " to which she is getting rave reviews for . 
the movie has also been remastered in a wonderful six channel digital sound mix , and is amazing . 
jason miller ( jason patrik 's dad ) is amazing as father karras , and his performance will be forever embedded in my mind , to me 
excrutiatingly scary , the exorcist is a classic horror film , which twenty seven years later still scares audiences half to death . 
as a director friedkin has been well known for other films , but his standout film is " the exorcist " nominated for several academy awards it one a few , but was somehow doubted best picture , best actress ( ellen burstyn ) and best supporting actress ( linda blair ) who at the age of i believe thirteen does a wonderful job of being a little girl , alone , possessed and unable to stop what is going on . 
the movie has also been remastered in a wonderful six channel digital sound mix , and is amazing . the voices are all clear , the music pours out on you and engulfs you in richness . 
jason miller ( jason patrik 's dad ) is amazing as father karras , and his performance will be forever embedded in my mind , to me 
and maybe , " second best " is even a greater picture . 
and chris cleary miles is remarkably convincing in the role of the boy . 
this precise , richly detailed , sensitively and convincingly directed study about a special adoption treats its theme with great seriousness . the breathtakingly intense film shows the necessity of human contact and communication . 
this precise , richly detailed , sensitively and convincingly directed study about a special adoption treats its theme with great seriousness . 
it 's a pity that films like this one are made so seldom 
william hurt delivers an outstanding performance as graham holt . 
the supporting cast is also fine ( especially jane horrocks as debbie , a social worker who is charged to examine graham 's living circumstances ) . " second best " is an underestimated masterpiece . 
a wonderful little movie that is really interested in its characters and in its theme . 
does a good job as the scientist that increasingly becomes more and more disturbed as the search continues , but a tip of the hat goes to laurence fishburne who leads the team , in a cool , calm , take no nonense manner . 
however , the closing 20 minutes of the film more than make up for this , producing one the most nail biting ( or in my case , straw of my drink biting ! ) climaxes i 've recently witnessed . 
it starts off incredibly well , but the middle section becomes quite confused and sometimes muddled , leaving the viewer unsure on just what the reasons are behind some of the bloody and bizarre events that occur . 
it is his acting skills that help hold this film together . 
the idea behind event horizon is certainly a good one . 
it 's incredible visual effects . they really are eye popping , with some great models to boot . the acting is quite good , with some occasional witty moments . 
does a good job as the scientist that increasingly becomes more and more disturbed as the search continues , but a tip of the hat goes to laurence fishburne who leads the team , in a cool , calm , take no nonense manner . 
overall , event horizon is a smart film indeed . it 's very enjoyable and has some amazing visuals . 
scarface , a remake of the 1932 film of the same name , is a very gripping and , as far as i know , a true - to - life story of how power and violence lead to corruption . 
the thing is , the vulgarity fits rather well with the movie . 
although he did not receive any recognition from the academy for his performance , it truly is a very good one . 
another element that stands out when someone mentions this film is the profanity . 
al pacino , as tony montana ( for whom the movie is named ) , also provides a brilliant performance as a cuban refugee who comes to america with less than nothing and becomes one of the most highly respected and feared drug lords in miami . 
scarface , although incredibly violent , is one of the best crime films of its time and stands out as another great performance for al pacino . 
in the end , scarface is a very powerful film that hits home hard . 
the incessantly up - beat film ends with a singing elvis impersonator . 
the good - spirited movie trekkies easily forces even the most cynical viewer into fits of uncontrollable , loud giggles , yet the picture treats its subject matter with respect and a certain awe . 
trekkies , roger nygard 's energetic and hilarious documentary , brings viewers into the world of the star trek conventions . 
trekkies runs a breezy 
and their infectious joy provokes a certain envy of their enjoyment . few other avocations could give this much satisfaction . these people are having the time of their lives . 
the beauty of the film is that it is good old fashion fun for trekkies and non - fans alike . 
baldwin and connery anchor the film with their customary vigor . 
they keep us involved in the action by unveiling plot strands at just the right moment . 
the special effects are remarkable , but more than anything , the hunt for red october is distinguished by its water - tight plot . 
the characters in the hunt for red october are paper thin , but the performances , thankfully , are rock solid . 
the hunt for red october is an epic thriller , adapted from tom clancy 's best selling novel . 
the special effects are remarkable , but more than anything , the hunt for red october is distinguished by its water - tight plot . 
neil gives a sturdy performance 
if you 're the type of person who goes on the submarine ride every time you visit disneyland , you 're going to love the hunt for red october . 
the finale is rousing and suspenseful , but essentially , the hunt for red october is a superior potboiler . 
screenwriters larry ferguson and donald stewart have gracefully navigated red october through a story line full of twists and turns . 
the story sounds very simple , and perhaps even unexciting , but through solid performances by the leads and good direction by cameron , a good movie comes through . 
in box office receipts , titanic the movie will undoubtedly live up to the unsinkable expectations of titanic the ship . 
billy zane is cast well as the aristocratic snob cal , since he has a certain look that immediately makes you want to hate him . 
could 've fooled me and everyone else in the theater , as the splicing is seamless . 
in all , james cameron 's titanic is a good blend of love story , history , and action . 
in this way , titanic possesses a depth not usually found in action pictures . 
with regard to the exteriors , i would dare anyone to point out a film in which a vessel has been recreated with such meticulousness or on such a scale . 
there have been many films made about the maiden and final voyage of the ocean liner titanic , but this latest offering from director james cameron is the best i 've seen . 
otherwise great acting . 
like dicaprio and winslet , zane slips comfortably into his role and plays it well 
dicaprio is marvelous as the young , but worldly - wise jack , playing the role with the confidence usually found in older actors . 
dicaprio is marvelous as the young , but worldly - wise jack , playing the role with the confidence usually found in older actors . 
i was pleasantly surprised by this film . 
as i mentioned before , the budget for this film was tremendous , and it certainly showed in the set dressing and special effects . the interiors of the titanic are nearly breathtaking with their elaborate trimmings and intricate detail , and one has very little doubt that the layouts are authentic . 
after having viewed titanic , however , i found it to be a well - paced , well - designed , and overall well - made movie . 
winslet also proves herself a good actress , delivering her lines convincingly , and the quality of performances between winslet and dicaprio makes the relationship believable . 
the fact that the film runs longer than most at about three hours is almost unnoticed as the viewer 's attention is held alternately by those three main elements , from the movie 's intriguing beginning to it 's satisfactory ending . 
winslet also proves herself a good actress , delivering her lines convincingly , and the quality of performances between winslet and dicaprio makes the relationship believable . 
in a genre where one is almost always asked to allow leaps of logic , the script repeatedly astonished me with its intelligence , its attention to detail and its respect for the audience . 
the fugitive is as lean , taut and tense as anything the action genre has produced in the last several years . 
he does a fine job with the less flashy part of kimble , always keeping at the forefront the advantage this man has because of his intelligence . 
under the direction of andrew davis ( 1992 's under siege ) , the fugitive grips you by the throat from the outset and never lets go . expect box office to go through the roof , deservedly , and expect an academy award nomination for tommy lee jones . 
then , much to my amazement , everything that could possibly go wrong . . . did n't . 
credit must also be given to the special effects and stunt coordinators . 
tommy lee jones is nothing short of brilliant as gerard , because he manages an incredibly challenging feat . 
the action is crisp and brutal , and never romanticized . 
this is a well- written character played with relish by an actor at the top of his form . 
it 's a small moment , but it punches home 
the chase is on . my advice is to catch it . 
what a pair of performances those leads are . 
special kudos go to director davis for maintaining a relentless pace which underscores the single - mindedness of the two leads . 
the bus crash which allows kimble 's escape is a spectacular sequence , as is a leap from a dam into the water below . 
awarded a best supporting actress oscar for this brilliant portrayal ) , who works from the outside - in , pre - intellectualizing every stroke of her brush . 
i am enamoured of harris ' _ pollock _ as well . 
one of my favourite sequences is an eerily quiet re - enactment of hans namuth shooting that famous pollock footage in east hampton , long island ; the mounting tension is almost comic , as namuth keeps interrupting pollock 's process to reload his camera or take a dinner break . 
i never expected rice burrough 's work to be transformed so successfully from live action to animation , nor with so much emotional depth . 
parents , along with all the kiddies , are going to find much to like in tarzan . 
suffice to say , this film will have both adults and children thoroughly entertained . 
goldwyn is effective playing someone who 's not aware of his world 's dangers . 
the subject matter here is also a notch or two above animation average . 
there are important questions raised about tarzan 's place in the world , and all are handled exceptionally well by the screenwriters . 
there is no shred of doubt left to ponder afterward , which is a surprising plus that i was n't expecting to find here . 
it 's no classic , but this new tarzan represents exactly what a family film should be 
directors chris buck and kevin lima have applied a breathtaking 3-d element to the movement of the athletic title character , and the fast - paced editing is absolutely a marvel . as tarzan carries jane through the treetops , narrowly escaping a pack of nasty baboons , he slips and slides like a daredevil snow boarder or star surfer riding the big wave . 
most of the characters are amusing without being forced . 
with the release of the studio 's newest feature length film , a remake of edgar rice burrough 's creation tarzan , disney has plunged into new waters with both maturity and animation techniques . 
of course , in any disney film we are given some kind of goofy sidekick or humorous chum for the hero . in tarzan , these characters fill that space rather inconspicuously . 
glenn close is also memorable 
still , this is one great thrill - ride that disney has constructed . 
your eyes can barely keep up ; it 's a fantastic accomplishment . 
the thing that blew my socks off about this version of tarzan is the stunning animation . 
directors chris buck and kevin lima have applied a breathtaking 3-d element to the movement of the athletic title character , and the fast - paced editing is absolutely a marvel . as tarzan carries jane through the treetops , narrowly escaping a pack of nasty baboons , he slips and slides like a daredevil snow boarder or star surfer riding the big wave . 
i never expected rice burrough 's work to be transformed so successfully from live action to animation , nor with so much emotional depth . 
as his gorilla mother , and lance henriksen ( from tv 's millennium ) is terrific 
it helps that brian blessed supplies his voice with game enthusiasm , but he is nothing compared to james woods ' hilarious hades from hercules . 
but , in a nutshell , it 's a good film . 
utilizing technology that is light years beyond anything made before , special effects and computers are used to create everything from monsters to robots to amazing cityscapes with incredible detail . 
there are many memorable sequences throughout the film , ranging from the fast and furious " pod race " sequence ( which is a take on the chariot races in " ben hur " ) and the many fight scenes involving legions of battle droids . 
unfortunately , being that he is a computer - generated character , tells a bit about the direction of the actors ( although natalie portman as the queen is pretty effective , as is jake lloyd as the young anakin skywalker ) . 
the film is some of the most fun 2 and a half hours that you 'll blow in your life , which is something i would n't mind doing again . 
he steals the show . 
still , film critics often apply much historical theory in regards to film criticism , much of which the average film buff does not care for . hence , this film is a lot of fun and definitely an improvement over the previous films ( even with the " improvements " in the special editions ) . 
utilizing technology that is light years beyond anything made before , special effects and computers are used to create everything from monsters to robots to amazing cityscapes with incredible detail . 
thankfully , the phantom menace does much , much better . 
the film is pure fun from beginning to end . 
but i like it and admire it because it comes from a fine american tradition that dares to raise difficult questions , and call into doubt ideas and doctrines that otherwise are used as catchphrases . 
the latter is played with abandon , conviction and sensitivity all at once by courtney love , who is the real star of the show and really snubbed of an academy award best actress nomination , if not of the award itself 
this is a great picture , no doubt , and i love it personally . because it is moving , funny 
the latter is played with abandon , conviction and sensitivity all at once by courtney love , who is the real star of the show and really snubbed of an academy award best actress nomination , if not of the award itself 
what they have ignored is actually a great picture . 
now , that 's something budding horror film - maker wannabes should consider looking into . 
( will definitely leave an impression on the audience ) will have you at the edge of your seat . 
the twists in the plot , leading to an unforgettable climax 
the ring plays on the senses like no other horror film today . visual subtlety , minimal music and an intriguing plot puts the audience within an aura of suspense throughout the entire film . very well done indeed , especially for a film that does not have a single trace of violence and gore . 
just an idea of how visually powerful the film is , it is in japanese and subtitled in chinese ; both of which , i ca n't understand at all ( ok , i had a friend who gave me a gist prior to watching , but he revealed very little ! ) . 
the ring plays on the senses like no other horror film today . visual subtlety , minimal music and an intriguing plot puts the audience within an aura of suspense throughout the entire film . 
confused ? let me explain : despite all them flashy effects and big explosions , deep rising is still , at heart , a good ' ol b movie . luckily , it 's a very good b movie . 
for creepy crawly goodness , tight t - shirts , major firepower and the need to go to the bathroom every fifteen minutes from seing all that water . 
after the first fifteen minutes i felt right at home . 
that is where deep rising fails , which is a good thing 
there is also a guy with glasses ( the guy with glasses always dies ) a black person ( b movie buffs know that the black guy always dies , never fails ) and a very funny , nerdy guy . 
the acting is decent , the effects top rate . how to best describe it ? 
cool . familiar faces . so far so good . 
pretty darn funny at times . 
all in all , i 'd recommend deep rising if you are looking for a good time and care to leave your brain at the door . . . but bring your sense of humor and excitement in with you . 
anne rice 's novel is a very interesting read , and her script is rich , colorful and emotional , but it is also tiering and too melancholic , at times resembling a soap opera : claudia : " . 
neil jordan 's direction is beautiful and sensual as he plays with interesting issues like eternity , homosexuality , love and loneliness . 
his new , original picture brings vampire - films to a new height . 
recent film that is not only visually stunning , but has also a plot worth making movies about . 
the beautiful production design by dante ferretti , wonderful costumes and art direction 
the greatest performance in the film comes suprisingly from the young kristen dunst , who manages to create an incredibly emotional and believable character . 
" moments like that are both entertaining and appealing . 
cruise is energetic , sinister , charismatic , wild and bloodthirsty . 
brad pitt is equally convincing as the " vampire with a human soul " . 
the controversial casting of tom cruise as lestat is incredibly effective . 
the greatest performance in the film comes suprisingly from the young kristen dunst , who manages to create an incredibly emotional and believable character . 
as the film begins , there is an incredible palette of colors , beautiful sunrises , lush golden fields , green forests , inky - blue clouds and blending sun . 
director neil jordan ( " the crying game " ) together with the talented director of cinematography philippe rousselot and composer elliot goldenthal has created an incredible atmosphere . 
however rice 's script is otherwise strong and well structured , bringing up humor and comic episodes , that were more or less hidden in the book . 
the casting is likewise good , involving some of the most famous and beautiful stars of hollywood , ireland and spain . 
director neil jordan ( " the crying game " ) together with the talented director of cinematography philippe rousselot and composer elliot goldenthal has created an incredible atmosphere . 
the beautiful production design by dante ferretti , wonderful costumes and art direction 
antonio banderas and stephen rea are effective , but since they play more or less secondary characters , their performances are almost invisible . 
the film looks great , but there are a good deal of bloopers / flubs that occur . 
i recommend this film highly on many merits . 
it 's worth sitting through to get to this point . 
the look of the film is to suggest that it follows the translation of the inspired book from the film was written . 
simply stated , the film derives its success from being one of the best of its genre , the swashbuckler . 
fast paced editing and carl jules weyl 's lush sets 
fast paced editing and carl jules weyl 's lush sets 
the result is a wonderful fairy tale of a movie with delightful , cartoonish figures . hollywood rarely makes such high quality family films like this anymore , so try to savor the old ones when you can . 
flynn , with his handsome figure and toothy smile , charms the audience while clearly having a high old time himself . 
the production values and the acting raise it above that level 
nominated for the 1938 academy award for best picture and winner of three oscars for erich wolfgang korngold 's melodramatic music , ralph dawson 's 
, the film is probably best remembered for errol flynn 's charismatic acting as sir robin of locksley , a . 
the littlest rhodes , jeffrey , age 8 , liked it so much that he viewed it at least three times and maybe more . 
nominated for the 1938 academy award for best picture and winner of three oscars for erich wolfgang korngold 's melodramatic music , ralph dawson 's 
filmed in the typical , richly oversaturated colors produced by early technicolor , the flesh tones are overly pink and there few color subtleties , which match perfectly the wonderfully exaggerated acting of the players . 
he recommends the movie particularly for people who do not likely bloody pictures -- he hates the sight of blood in movies . 
jeffrey thinks the film is " great " and gives it 
in scene after scene the picture charms the audience . who would n't fall for robin as he shows up incognito to win the archery contest , even if the outcome is so clearly preordained . 
the action is well done and fast paced , the comedy put across well . the cast help a lot , but the direction is still outstanding . 
although the film is very long , the plot keeps chugging along , and there 's barely a dull moment . 
in the end however , zorro provides action and comedy in spades . 
the director , fresh from the enjoyable goldeneye ( 1995 ) handles the film perfectly . 
as the bad guys , wilson and letscher seem one dimensional , but they go through the bad guy shtick in an above average way 
she delivers a charming , but one note , performance . the chemistry is excellent between banderas and jones . 
hopkins seems to come off a little better , but banderas does some excellent work . 
banderas and hopkins have a marvellous chemistry as the two zorro 's , playing each other off with ease . 
it manages to hold the attention , thankfully , and the adventure and charm holds right up to the last reel 
there 's a delightful little scene where banderas and jones have a sword fight , and every swipe an item of clothing gets slashed , until jones clothes fall off all together . 
you wo n't regret it . 
the mask of zorro has the hallmarks of a blockbuster : big action , funny comedy , and the pacing of a rollercoaster . 
everyone feels that they are different in some way , that they do n't belong in some places and " rebel without a cause " successfully shows on screen these universal emotions . 
any film that sparks this kind of thought is certainly a milestone in american film . 
" rebel without a cause " is such an important film in american history because it is a true analysis of youth in america that everyone of all ages can relate to . 
it still is a fabulous film . the acting is so believable that it is no wonder that dean was considered the epitome of cool . 
and although the real plot in his new project the winslow boy is slightly more conspicuous than in some of his other endeavors , it is still a brilliantly complex , consistently riveting motion picture about honor , about sacrifice , and about the difference between what is commonly known as justice and what is right . 
rebecca pidgeon , david mamet 's wife , who gave a fairly awful performance in the spanish prisoner is at the top of her game here as arthur 's oldest daughter , a flailing feminist who gives her all to the winslow case as a way for making up for her lack of success in the women 's suffrage movement . 
his films deserve their own genre . ? 
with his distinctive , more often than not ingenious dialogue , and his laid back style of direction nearly all of his movies are absolutely irresistible . 
he is a hell of a director too . 
the winslow boy is a wonderful movie that avoids cliches such as a seemingly inevitable courtroom scene and shoots higher -- it wants to make a real impact rather than a phony one . 
this is a movie for you . 
nigel hawthorne 's performance is nearly flawless . his delivery is that of a dignified yet not pompous man who seems to be getting beaten at his own game . 
it 's powerful without being too emotional , sad without even trying to be depressing . 
the winslow boy is a wonderful movie that avoids cliches such as a seemingly inevitable courtroom scene and shoots higher -- it wants to make a real impact rather than a phony one . 
david mamet has long been my favorite screenwriter and director . 
but this is not mamet 's norm , and it 's refreshing to see mamet deviate from his world of crooks , gangsters as con men , wonderful as those films were . 
as a collection of images though , the cell is extremely well done . 
giger painting come to life mixed with a tool music video ) , proving that singh is as adept at filming strange and wonderful images as his acclaim would lead us to believe . 
all of the sequences where we delve into someone 's mind are incredibly beautiful ( including the dank mind of stargher , whose thoughts are reminiscent of an h . 
despite the borrowed elements from the aforementioned films and a script that contains several logically questionable moments , the cell does feature some remarkable imagery . 
the first sequence that takes place in stargher 's mind is by far the best , featuring one of the most ingenious traps i 've ever seen in a film ( involving a horse , which no one seeing this film will probably forget ) , a zoo - like display of stargher 's victims which are animated like marionettes , and stargher himself in a giant purple cape that spans the walls of his mental throne room . 
in my opinion , d'onofrio was one of the best creepy actors i have ever seen in a film , but his film choices as of late have been so completely awful ( i . 
the character of stargher is an excellent role for him though , and will probably lead to a bit of typecasting for him . 
that is something fresh 
the most original visual sequence in the film occurs during a dream moses 
it is the absolutely stunning visuals that make the movie so compelling . drawn with a rich palette of luxurious roses , blues and golds , the picture looks sumptuous from its first frame to its last . 
this awe - inspiring movie deserves to be seen . 
even though it has its weaknesses , the prince of egypt is a noble attempt to carve out a new genre -- serious animated movies for adults that are acceptable for the entire family . 
the selection of kilmer proved to be a wise one , but the biggest risk dreamworks took was n't in the casting department . 
the prince of egypt may be harder to market than antz , but it is much more satisfying . 
helen boham carter is equally wonderful as frankenstein 's surrogate sister , who at the end becomes his wife for a little while , before death drives them apart . 
the rest of the cast , playing secondary characters , is solid and nothing less than convincing . visually the film is stunning ( especially the makeup ) . 
here , branagh introduces the character of victor frankenstein , establishes his obsession with the very nature of life and death , sets up the intellectual and ideological conflict between victor and the academic establishment , and somehow manages to build up to a rousing and horrifying creation scene . 
the spinning camera , the constantly building - up musical acore , the art direction , the production design , the costumes are all magnificent : from the arctic ocean to the swiss alps and dark forests , to the plague - riddled streets of ingolstadt , mary shelley 's frankenstein is a wonder to behold . 
branagh plays frankenstein with a remarkable understanding of his character . 
the spinning camera , the constantly building - up musical acore , the art direction , the production design , the costumes are all magnificent : from the arctic ocean to the swiss alps and dark forests , to the plague - riddled streets of ingolstadt , mary shelley 's frankenstein is a wonder to behold . 
another vital thing is the character of victor frankenstein . 
branagh has probably created one of the best ( if not the best ) adaptions of shelly 's classic novel . 
here , branagh introduces the character of victor frankenstein , establishes his obsession with the very nature of life and death , sets up the intellectual and ideological conflict between victor and the academic establishment , and somehow manages to build up to a rousing and horrifying creation scene . 
branagh has developed every character and assembled a magnificent cast . the greatest performances comes from de niro - the monster , that has been played by ( among others ) 
but when it comes to story , characters and casting , " frankenstein " is stronger . 
directed ( and written ) by john maybury , " love is the devil " is stylish masterpiece for the senses . everything looks originally bizarre and perplexing . 
and with a dymanite performance by derek jacobi , it has the comic and distanced tone that it needs . 
that 's great and all , but i almost wish the film was devoid of any meaning . 
even at a normally trite length of ninety minutes , the film still seems like an arduous task to sit through , especially after an exhausting first hour . though hypnotic 
i was engrossed 
i was enthralled with the look of the film , the way the director shot everything like it was looking through a bizarre , personalized filter . 
so that , along with " what dreams may come " and " dark city , " it 's the year 's most visually stunning film . 
despite all of the things i respect about this movie , it 's still rather uncomfortable to sit through . 
" love is the devil " is a challenging film , munundating its audience with wild imagery and a plot structure that disallows a plot , perhaps in an attempt to get us to know the artist 's psyche rather than the artist 's lifeline . watching it , 
it 's beautiful and painstakingly crafted 
, it still almost seems gimmicky and even redundant at times , as if it were taking advantage of one man 's truly bizarre nature but not doing anything deeper with it . as such , i respect the way the film looks . 
the film has a hypnotic feel , free of any restraints of form , and is shot so uniquely 
a costume drama set in the 1500s , england , elizabeth is a lush , romantic , political masterpiece about the upset over the crossing of a protestant queen from a respected catholic one . 
elizabeth , also featuring geoffrey rush and richard attenborough , is my pick for the best picture of 1998 award . it 's a dynamic , important , breathtaking film of loyalty , power , greed , and trust . 
i found elizabeth more stimulating and involving than love , not just because elizabeth features a great deal more of elizabeth i , but because i found blanchette a more powerful , hypnotic sense for the role . 
i found elizabeth more stimulating and involving than love , not just because elizabeth features a great deal more of elizabeth i , but because i found blanchette a more powerful , hypnotic sense for the role . 
he allows them to play it all tongue - in - cheek . their fun comes through the screen to the audience . 
jay and silent bob contains enough laughs that the movie 's weaker aspects - which include a lame subplot about a girl gang of diamond thieves as well as a buffoonish federal park ranger played by will ferrell - can be easily tolerated . 
so smith has provided them with just the right kind of exit , saving the best for last . 
this is a laugh - filled , foul - mouthed road film with jay ( jason mewes ) and silent bob ( smith ) hitching to hollywood to sabotage miramax 's production of bluntman and chronic , comic book characters based on the two jersey slackers . 
this bit will leave you howling . 
we are privy to a hilarious conversation between affleck and damon in which the two put down each other 's careers and film choices . 
really , how can you not laugh at a film in which our heroes are picked up by the mystery van , and jay has a pot - induced hallucination concerning velma and daphne . 
at least you 're going out with a blast . 
the movie 's highlight , though , is near the finale . 
a warner bros picture the martians have landed in this hillarous tim burton movie . 
the martians are full of character , the performances are spot on , and the all star cast help make the film more enjoyable 
they are is a great score by danny elfman , and lots of laughs . 
but , most of all , this film is fun . 
the way people are killed by the ray guns is great , they is a hillarous ( and mildly disturbing scene ) involving a martian lady , a mad general who just wants to nuke the aliens away , ( and ends up getting squashed by an aliens foot ) and a gory finale involving lots of alien heads exploding . 
they are is a great score by danny elfman , and lots of laughs . this has to be the best invasion i 've seen for a long time . 
the way people are killed by the ray guns is great , they is a hillarous ( and mildly disturbing scene ) involving a martian lady , a mad general who just wants to nuke the aliens away , ( and ends up getting squashed by an aliens foot ) and a gory finale involving lots of alien heads exploding . 
then the dire independance day , and is a real tribute to the tacky ' 50s invasion movies . 
i left this film feeling much happier than i was before i entered the cinema . 
the film is a million times better 
i was amused by the double entendres , none of which i will reveal here . 
spottiswoode has crafted some breathtaking set pieces , each much more intricate and impressive than , for instance , the tank scene in " goldeneye " . 
there 's no mistaking , however , that " tomorrow never dies " is ideal holiday escapism , and for the first time in perhaps years , 
tomorrow never dies " is the picture " goldeneye " should have been ; it 's also the most entertaining bond outing since " the spy who loved me " . 
now that the elements are in place : modern special effects and stunt work , cool pierce brosnan , kickass female allies . 
they make a great team . 
and though carver 's motives are muddy ( when carver explains that " genius is insanity with some success " , screenwriter fierstein is taking a lazy shortcut ) , pryce makes an agreeable , memorable villain . 
moreover , brosnan has at last settled into the role some feel he was born to play ; last time out , the fate of the franchise rested on his shoulders , and there was noticeable discomfort in his body language . 
you 'll walk out wanting more bond movies . 
" tomorrow never dies " is a surprisingly entertaining and efficient film , given that at the helm is none other than the director of " turner & hooch " . 
of course jason mewes and kevin smith do a great job as jay and silent bob with some priceless lines from jay ( as well as silent bob ) . 
of course the best ( and funniest ) of them 
of course jason mewes and kevin smith do a great job as jay and silent bob with some priceless lines from jay ( as well as silent bob ) . 
this is the movie for you . all kevin smith fans must see ! ! 
however the direction by kevin and the script by kevin as well as the priceless performance 
by many of the cast members , ' dogma ' stands as a new classic 
the star - studded cast is amazing and has some other cameos by george carlin , jeanne garafolo 
they give great performances here again but matt damon seems just a little held back and to me did not give it all he could . 
( who give us great performances ) . 
but really the only way to understand it is to see this excellent movie . 
it might just be kevin 's best work to date . it 's very funny with smart and foul - mouthed dialogue while unexpectedly it has a serious undertone to it and besides going against god and jesus christ , it actually tries to tell people that there is such a thing rather than that there is n't . 
chris rock gives a hilarious performance and gets into his character very well , with some classic lines . 
linda fiorentino is just perfect for her role and makes us believe that she really is who she is 
kevin goes to new lengths in this hilarious comedy and gives us some great characters with not too much background or study and rather we start to know the characters as we watch the movie . 
wow ! what a cast . 
all is the only duo in history that have made me fall out of my chair laughing and that my friends are jay and silent bob . 
what a movie , it is everything rolled into one : an offensive , offbeat , smart and sassy comedy that surprisingly has a great message at the end , and ends up being a feel - good movie . 
got very much into his character as well as the story . 
the script was written by kevin smith with many f'words in there of course and a strong emphasis on sexual talk but he also seems to concentrate on what is important rather that what is n't and makes us laugh at the same time as we think 
the time machine became the cinematic classic for the very same reason the novel became the classic in science fiction literature - the fantastic concept was a brilliant way for the authors to talk about burning issues and fears of their respective times . for h . 
the time machine became the cinematic classic for the very same reason the novel became the classic in science fiction literature - the fantastic concept was a brilliant way for the authors to talk about burning issues and fears of their respective times . for h . 
compared with the genre films of today , the time machine is even better , and could serve as a good example how to make intelligent , thought - provoking films . 
the acting is good , with rod taylor in one of his most remembered roles , while in the same time alan young brings rather memorable performance as george 's trusted friend filby . 
however , despite all those flaws , the time machine is a very good piece of cinema , something that connoisseurs of quality science - fiction films sorely miss these days . 
the acting is good , with rod taylor in one of his most remembered roles , while in the same time alan young brings rather memorable performance as george 's trusted friend filby . 
but , on the other hand , the film is very well directed , cleverly paced and the special effects , although definitely old - fashioned , are more than adequate for this kind of picture . 
but , on the other hand , the film is very well directed , cleverly paced and the special effects , although definitely old - fashioned , are more than adequate for this kind of picture . 
even the modern audience , which would be tempted to discard the film as old - fashioned , could find some values in its universal messages , fit for each era . 
the acting is good , with rod taylor in one of his most remembered roles , while in the same time alan young brings rather memorable performance as george 's trusted friend filby . 
the result is a central character that is immediately appealing . as the grown fanny , australian actress frances o'connor ( all about adam ) does wonderfully textured work 
from a purely dramatic perspective , the revision makes perfect sense and improves the film 's audience appeal . 
the result is a central character that is immediately appealing . as the grown fanny , australian actress frances o'connor ( all about adam ) does wonderfully textured work 
while mary and henry are evidently less than sincere in their affections , their presence does provide the movie and the main characters with the necessary conflict that keeps our interest until the film 's appropriately austen - like ending . 
thankfully , the actors help partly to rectify the situation with their great delivery of their lines . 
occasionally he overacts the sentimentally , but he generally delivers a fine performance . 
this film should be viewed by everyone who has the stomach for it , as it 's rewarding and extremely worthwhile . 
it may not be the greatest war movie in my opinion , but it 's certainly one of the best war movies made , and one of the best of 1998 . 
it is never intrusive , and adds to the drama on - screen . 
edward burns , looking a lot like armageddon 's ben affleck , also delivers a top notch performance , moving away from his roles in films such as she 's the one ( 1996 ) tom sizemore makes less of an impact , but is still watchable , and matt damon reinforcing his position as one of the finest young actors working today . 
this film should be viewed by everyone who has the stomach for it , as it 's rewarding and extremely worthwhile . it really should n't be missed , and dreamworks skg has finally found it 's first hit movie . 
the cinematography is excellent , and the music score by john william 's is also superb . 
this time , he plays the role with gritty realism , and is much better for it . 
other factors help saving private ryan be a masterpiece of 90 's film making . 
edward burns , looking a lot like armageddon 's ben affleck , also delivers a top notch performance , moving away from his roles in films such as she 's the one ( 1996 ) tom sizemore makes less of an impact , but is still watchable , and matt damon reinforcing his position as one of the finest young actors working today . 
already being hailed as the ' greatest war movie ever made , ' saving private ryan is an harrowing , saddening and riveting movie . 
tom hanks is superb , straying away from his usually soppy dramatic roles , such as in forrest gump ( 1994 ) . 
it may not be the greatest war movie in my opinion , but it 's certainly one of the best war movies made , and one of the best of 1998 . 
after the disappointing amistad ( 1997 ) spielberg has returned to form with this excellent movie . 
i found this film to be gripping , and very scary , thanks to the excellent cast , direction and terrifying battle scenes . 
the cinematography is excellent , and the music score by john william 's is also superb . 
they 're truly terrifying , yet the audience can not drag their eyes away from the screen 
spielberg directs very well , putting the audience right in the heart of the action of the battle scenes . 
saving private ryan , in the end , is an excellent film , but not the ' greatest war movie ' due to 
acting on the whole was ok although i thought that bill pullman was a bit unsuitable for the president role but he did make a very rousing speech before sending his troops into battle ( do we smell a bit of braveheart here ? ? ) . 
however below that wafer - thin plot and on - screen flaws , id4 scored well in playing with the appealing idea of the entire world giving up their petty differences to unite themselves as one force against the alien invasion . 
id4 is a movie for all . though there are many explosions and implied deaths , there are no gory scenes of human destruction , thus young kids should be able to take it . 
sit back and do n't be too critical , chances are you will be absorbed into the movie just as i was 
an idea which will have the audience strongly rooting for the united front throughout the movie , thus maintaining a screen - viewer interaction that virtually render any holes in the movie acceptable , no matter how ridiculous . 
after a spectacular 1-on-1 chase over the grand canyon , one of the many highlights of the movie . 
after a spectacular 1-on-1 chase over the grand canyon , one of the many highlights of the movie . 
most of it are very believable , especially the epic standoff 
there 's no denying the psychological impact this film will leave on you 
the performances of the three lead actors in the film are so real 
i can say , with absolute assurance , that no film has ever had quite the impact that this little movie has had on me . 
this is as real as it gets folks . 
i 'll be first in line to buy one . 
this is definitely a movie that warrants home video viewing , especially due to the fact that the bulk of the movie was shot with a standard home video camera . 
this is truly the most frightening movie i have ever had the pleasure to watch . 
the reality of the images will strike frighteningly close to home when viewed as actual video instead of the tape - to - film transfer done for the big screen . 
apocalypse now , based on the novel " hearts of darkness " , is an extremely striking , gripping , and horrifying depiction of the vietnam war from another angle . 
a movie that will hypnotize you with it 's brilliant cinematography , apocalypse now is an outstanding epic drama about the controversial and horrifying ravages of war . 
duvall 's portrayal as lieutenant colonel kilgore is terrific , and , he provides a number of memorable quotes . 
apocalypse now is probably one of the most memorable vietnam war films ever made . 
possibly one of the greatest films ever made , is a stunning vision into the madness that corresponds to the vietnam war . 
a movie that will hypnotize you with it 's brilliant cinematography , apocalypse now is an outstanding epic drama about the controversial and horrifying ravages of war . 
duvall 's portrayal as lieutenant colonel kilgore is terrific , and , he provides a number of memorable quotes . 
definitely on the " do not miss " list . be prepared for a very memorable film . 
roache successfully conveyed his character 's ambivalence toward millie : near the end , he hugs her , at first staring into space , as if he 's thinking about his plan with kate , then giving that up to fully embrace millie . 
yet somehow , the movies are all well made and i always get caught up in the story . 
i liked the performances from roache and elliot . 
still , the movies are well made and the stories inevitably win me over . 
millie 's part did n't require as much range , but elliot gave her the necessary bubbly personality that made her irresistible . 
still , the movies are well made and the stories inevitably win me over . 
the ending , a very hilarious and very ironic twist of fate , somehow fits with the twisted sense of humor the movie exhibits throughout . 
ian bannen and david kelly truly shine as jackie and michael . 
in a way , waking ned devine is exactly like the class of people it presents : warm , friendly , outgoing , and jovial . it 's the perfect kind of comedy , a real gem of a tale that sets up a trivial plot outline by which to introduce a sympathetic cast of characters and a string of jokes 
the plot is interesting and robust : the latest lottery winner is ned devine ( jimmy keogh ) , of tullymore , ireland . 
indeed , it 's one of the year 's best feel - good movies -- 91 minutes of unrestrained joy that no one should miss . 
indeed , it 's one of the year 's best feel - good movies -- 91 minutes of unrestrained joy that no one should miss . 
the two contrast each other delightfully , and at the same time remain sympathetic to the audience . 
devine is a movie worth seeing . 
it 's the perfect kind of comedy , a real gem of a tale that sets up a trivial plot outline by which to introduce a sympathetic cast of characters and a string of jokes 
a terrifying , suspenseful 8 . hang on for the white - knuckle thrill ride of the summer ! 
it 's formulaic and there are cliches , but the walls of water , created by fluid dynamics simulating real - life phenomena , are awesome 
a terrifying , suspenseful 8 . hang on for the white - knuckle thrill ride of the summer ! 
and that 's just what he captures in this true story of struggle and humanity aboard a swordfishing boat , the andrea gail , sailing out of gloucester , massachusetts , in late october , 1991 . 
we raised the intellectual level of children 's fare as well as the animation achievements of the movie studios . 
what better message is there for christmas ? 
alas , the co - mingling of halloween and christmas creates disastrous results involving shrunken heads , psychotic wooden ducks , a sleigh pulled by a phantom dog with a lighted nose , and a large , sinister , singing bag named oogie boogie tim burton -- the man behind such great films as ed wood , beetlejuice , pee - wee 's big adventure , and edward scissorhands -- is the creative force behind nightmare . 
the stamp of burton is clearly everywhere in the film -- with bold colors , imaginative character design , and it 's simple yet compelling story . 
the direction of harry selick , who also directed james and the giant peach , is strong , offering intimate views of the strange collection of characters . 
also memorable are the songs in the film , written by former oingo boingo lead singer danny elfman , the next john williams of film composing . 
with that in mind , it was refreshing to revisit an animation classic on the big screen that still retains the originality and freshness 
in short , aliens combines all the right elements ( great action and f / x , drama , a good plot , good dialogue , and great villains ) into what could arguably be called the best action film of all time . 
cameron directs them so skillfully , and so suspensefully , that you 're literally ringing your hands by the time the finale rolls around . which features , in my opinion , the best fight scene ever recorded on film , as ripley straps herself into a huge robot and battles the nasty queen alien to the death . 
cameron directs them so skillfully , and so suspensefully , that you 're literally ringing your hands by the time the finale rolls around . which features , in my opinion , the best fight scene ever recorded on film , as ripley straps herself into a huge robot and battles the nasty queen alien to the death . 
every once in a while a movie comes along that completely redefines the genre : with dramas , it was citizen kane , with arthouse it was pulp fiction , and with comedy it was , well , that jim carrey guy ( okay 
judgement day , the abyss , true lies ) , the authority on action films , it was a masterful encore to his sci - fi thriller the terminator ( 1984 ) . 
what happens for the next hour and a half or so is what completely sets this movie apart from any other standard alien sci - fi movie : the action scenes . 
you know that any action film that has an oscar nomination attached to it for something other than technical stuff like editing and f / x has got to be good 
if this film had no " drama " , then why was sigourney weaver nominated for best actress at the 1987 academy awards ? 
whic was released to much hype seven years after it 's equally - innovative parent , 
this might just be the finest cinematic puzzle ever created . kudos also to singer and john ottman , who created the score . 
they both create what is a true film - noir setting , carefully setting up this intricate puzzle until the final , jarring ending . 
it is something wondrous . 
the film is a good one , a decent film until the last 10 minutes . 
baldwin is also very good 
del toro is brilliant , his lines are a jumbled mess , you ca n't understand a word the man says , but it sure is damn funny . 
from that , they went on and created the most plot - driven , intricately pieced movie in the last 25 years . 
however , the plot , and that stunning ending , make up for all the flaws and more . if you have n't seen the movie , rent it . 
byrne is terrific , 
kudos to mcquarrie and singer for giving the audience a delightful , fast - paced , furiously plot - driven movie with quirky characters , phenomenal acting , and some hilarious moments 
spacey 's performance will be remembered for years , for it is the best of his career , it may be the best supporting actor performance in the last 50 years . 
del toro is brilliant , his lines are a jumbled mess , you ca n't understand a word the man says , but it sure is damn funny . 
his brooding character , his seriousness is needed to supplement the hysteria of benicio del toro , who is a riot as fenster . 
the cast is exceptional . 
however , the plot , and that stunning ending , make up for all the flaws and more . if you have n't seen the movie , rent it . watch it . then rewind the tape , and watch it again . trust me , you 'll be amazed . 
palminteri shines , he is brutally honest , a true cop , one who is going after the whole story because its there . 
what this film boils down to is the greatest ending in cinematic history , for me at least . 
kudos to mcquarrie and singer for giving the audience a delightful , fast - paced , furiously plot - driven movie with quirky characters , phenomenal acting , and some hilarious moments 
pollak is also terrific as usual , a very good character actor . 
the film is brilliantly compact : its the shortest 90 minutes you 'll ever spend in a movie theater . 
kudos to mcquarrie and singer for giving the audience a delightful , fast - paced , furiously plot - driven movie with quirky characters , phenomenal acting , and some hilarious moments 
spacey is simply breathtaking , he is a force on screen , giving a magnetic performance 
the result : the usual suspects , one hell of a movie that redefines the word plot twist . 
as if he were a seasoned pro . it is fine work 
the supporting cast is also quite effective . 
it is a rare movie which manages to pull that off and mr . shyamalan , as the one responsible , is certainly to be commended . 
twenty - eight year old m . night shyamalan ( wide awake ) directed his own script , maintaining a proper tension throughout the film and crafting the storytelling so expertly that the film 's full impact is not reached until its final moments , when a surprising revelation forces a reevaluation of all that preceded it . 
bruce willis underplays his role , allowing the excellent script to do most of the work of building character development . 
in giving the sixth sense a favorable " three star " review for its craftsmanship and artistic merit , i must also point out that , spiritually speaking , the film is highly misleading . 
eleven - year - old haley joel osment manages to impress us with his performance . he demonstrates an amazing amount of self - composure as well as an ability to play nuances in a complex character 
it is a rare movie which manages to pull that off and mr . shyamalan , as the one responsible , is certainly to be commended . 
a movie that is well scripted , well acted , and well directed . it is involving , suspenseful . . . it even has an unexpected twist at the end 
the man who steals the show and unfortunately does n't have a real big part is james coburn ( as yet another mobster ) . 
in other words , it 's a decent couple of hours of entertainment , but 20 years from now if a they compile a list of mel gibson 's greatest hits , payback probably wo n't be on it . 
this time out mel is surrounded by a good supporting cast , including maria bello ( as his love interest ) , william devane and kris kristofferson ( as mod bosses ) . 
payback is often a very violent film . to its credit 
he almost guarantees that no matter what else happens in the rest of the movie at least the audience is going to get one good performance . 
, there are a few scenes that could have been very graphic , but the director ( i 'm not sure which one -- more about that in a second ) made the choice to let the audience use their imagination instead of subjecting us to the usual gratuitous gore found in many films . 
he does a good job . 
in the end , payback is a fairly solid action thriller , just not in quite the same league as some of mel gibson 's other work . 
mehrjui 's decision to use an extremely stylized approach to the ending was the wrong choice , particularly in his almost comedic way of wrapping up the character of the spiteful mother - in - law , played memorably by jamileh sheikhi . despite these minor missteps , " leila " is an important motion picture that should definately be sought out upon its limited may 16 release at new york 's cinema village , and then on may 21 in la . 
these " small " moments are the perfect contrast for the solemn , outraging sequences in the latter half , in which reza drops leila off at the side of a busy road , and then zooms off to go on a date with another woman . 
mehrjui 's decision to use an extremely stylized approach to the ending was the wrong choice , particularly in his almost comedic way of wrapping up the character of the spiteful mother - in - law , played memorably by jamileh sheikhi . despite these minor missteps , " leila " is an important motion picture that should definately be sought out upon its limited may 16 release at new york 's cinema village , and then on may 21 in la . 
there are no easy answers to be found within " leila , " a film that thoughtfully examines the central character 's unfortunate plight , as well as the inner workings of leila herself , told through matter - of - fact narration . 
although unfamiliar with mehrjui 's previous directing efforts , perhaps the reason for this is that , while the predicament at hand is no doubt exclusive to its own country , the heartbreaking and solely truthful emotions of the characters can easily be understood by all viewers . 
it is this relationship that is the key ingredient to making what follows the opening scenes all the more powerful , and director mehrjui has succeeded just about as well as possible . 
it is this relationship that is the key ingredient to making what follows the opening scenes all the more powerful , and director mehrjui has succeeded just about as well as possible . 
refusing to stay over at her parent 's house , the film inevitably leads up to the second wedding night between reza and another woman , and in a sequence of extraordinary sorrow and potency , leila finds her whole being emotionally torn apart , as she is closed up in an upstairs bedroom as the marriage proceedings are going on down below . 
the thought - provoking question of tradition over morals is the subject directly at the core of " leila , " a powerfully articulated and subtle drama from famous iranian director dariush mehrjui , that is his first motion picture in a prosperous thirty - year career to gain u . s . distribution , thanks to first run features . 
every bit a perfect match for hatami is ali mosaffa , as reza , a man who , i believe , does hold an unbreakable bond with his wife , but is too naive to realize what he will be doing to leila if he marries someone else . 
in the pivotal role of leila , who appears in every scene , leila hatami is nothing short of remarkable , injecting her character with an equal measure of startling strength , unavoidable vulnerability , and utter despair . 
for all of its strong aspects , " leila " is n't a perfect film . 
her character is fun to watch . even more entertaining is 
rosie o'donnell is a stand - out in her limited screen time with her brash personality and " tell it like it is " pronouncements . 
commendable jobs all around ; they seem like real people . 
a fairly " small " film , this sports an impressive ensemble cast including uma thurman , rosie o'donnell and a bunch of actors that you 've seen before but ca n't quite place . 
the beautiful stranger in town for a few days is both a delight in the film and one of its minor downfalls . 
structured somewhat like a " diner , a few years later " , this feel - good story is a good time , but ends a little too nice . 
the perfect stuff for a comedy about people in the twenties angst . 
this , in a lesser movie would be annoying , but the matrix presents itself in an intelligent manner which makes the puzzle rather interesting and even fun . 
more interesting than reeves is fishburne , who 's morpheus nearly runs the gamut of emotions , and convincingly so . very surprising for a sci - fi movie . 
this is intriguing enough , so imagine what it would be like for neo . 
hugo weaving as agent smith , one of the artificial intelligence 's anti - intruder programs , is also good playing his deadpan , no - nonsense , kick ass role , which requires him to show emotion at the appropriate time . 
this helps to further the aura of his character 's proficiency and extensive knowledge . 
reeves , whom i 've never really cared for as an actor , is competent in roles which require a lot of straightforwardness , and little subtlety . 
slips into rather nicely 
pretty slick . 
it 's an interesting premise . 
the matrix drips with style . 
the film turns our very perception of life on its side . 
> from the beginning of the film , we are kept on our toes trying to figure things out . 
more interesting than reeves is fishburne , who 's morpheus nearly runs the gamut of emotions , and convincingly so . very surprising for a sci - fi movie . 
nevertheless delivers an above par performance when fishburne is n't in the picture . 
what is new is the ability to weave all of these various elements together and succeed in producing a film that is both entertaining as well as thought - provoking . 
however , these shortcomings detract little from what is an overall solid action sci - fi film that for once does more than merely entertain . 
it 's really like no live - action film i have ever seen . 
. have a blast ! ! 
the opening sequence is one of the most rockin ' scenes to open any action movie , and the subsequent extra - terrestrial " transformation " is another eye - catcher . 
this fast - paced , urban equivalent of the thing ( 8/10 ) , checks in on all cylinders for ultra - violence ( god knows how many people died in this movie ) , action and an overall rock ' n roll attitude . 
the opening sequence is one of the most rockin ' scenes to open any action movie , and the subsequent extra - terrestrial " transformation " is another eye - catcher . 
granted , the plot is n't the most elaborate of tales ( alien bad , find alien , kill alien ) , but i can honestly say that i was never once bored during the viewing of this entire picture . 
alec guinness does a magnificent job of bringing col . nicholson to life and 
but i ca n't deny the importance of 
but it has a lot of virtues as well . 
making him such an interesting character . the other actors deliver very good performances as well . jack hildyard 's fine color cinematography and the apt score are also helpful . i like this extraordinary film despite its weaknesses . 
david lean 's effective and atmospherically perfect direction creates a high suspense , especially in the dramatic ( though not wholly plausible ) showdown . 
and " the bridge on the river kwai " is an interesting study of characters with clashing interests . 
blade has a little more going for it , and has the vampire myth to draw from -- but other than that , it 's the same kind of movie -- exciting , with well choreographed action scenes , 
blade has a little more going for it , and has the vampire myth to draw from -- but other than that , it 's the same kind of movie -- exciting , with well choreographed action scenes , 
snipes has less to say here than as the fugitive in u . s . marshals , but does a demonstrably better job here as a half - vampire wreaking vengeance on the bloodsuckers . 
" pulp fiction " has actually ushered in a new era of film making . it has altered the way films will be viewed . 
when quentin tarantino made " pulp fiction " , he was not only making the greatest film of the 90s ; he was also making what i believe to be the most influential movie of all time . 
the most brilliant aspect of tarantino 's masterpiece is the screenplay . 
it is filled with so much classic dialogue ( the " quarter pounder with cheese " speech will go down in history ) , it should be required reading for any film student , if it is n't already . 
the first , titled " vincent vega and marcellus wallace 's wife " , deals with a very loaded john travolta ( i forgot to mention the cool heroin shoot - up sequence ) taking mia wallace ( a star - making performance by uma thurman ) , his bosses wife , out on a date to a cool 50s restaurant called jack rabbit slim 's . 
you will not see a better film come out of the 90s . 
they end up calling a " cleaner " of sorts , played by the god among men harvey keitel , to help them out . 
sure , some have been excellent ( " bound " and " the usual suspects " spring immediately to mind ) , but any serious movie - goer recognizes " pulp fiction " as the original neo - noir of the 90s . in this review , i hope to change all the people 's minds who have criticized it for it 's excessive profanity and violence ( which , by the way , is n't really that graphic ) . 
and besides , it 's one hell of a ride . 
he takes a cab to his half - witted girlfriend 's apartment , and to make a long story short , ends up going back to his own place to retrieve a gold watch , sort of a family heirloom explained by christopher walken in a hilarious flash - back sequence . 
much like " citizen kane " , " pulp fiction " has changed movie making forever . 
the last ( and best , in my opinion ) of the episodes features john travolta ( again ) and samuel l . jackson ( in the best performance of any supporting actor ever ) 
in case you have n't already noticed , i believe " pulp fiction " is a supremely excellent film and one of the best of all time 
i liked it , and i could see it again - is n't that what makes a movie good ? 
where as " fargo " was sometimes shocking and disturbing while being funny , " lucky numbers " is just funny because you ca n't take these characters in these outrageous situations seriously . 
the ending itself is great . it 's surprising and funny and makes you feel good . 
it 's funny and i can respect that . 
travolta is great in his role and even though he 's not a really likable character , he 's trying to be a nice guy despite the fact 
kudrow is perfect in this role since she 's spent 8 years on tv as the dim - witted phoebe on " friends . 
it somehow still works for me . 
i was honestly surprised and pleased by how the plot unraveled 
the screenplay does a fine job in balancing the characters and slowly revealing their motivations and hidden agendas while at the same time keep russ richards the main focus . 
both deserve serious oscar - consideration . 
at least the make - up was realistic . 
mychael danna , who composed the shimmering music for " the ice storm , " contributes another memorable score that shivers and tingles . equally impressive is paul sarossy 's cinematography , capturing the imposing canadian mountainsides and low - hanging fogs as splendidly as his shadowy interiors -- in one scene a bright wall calendar serves to illuminate portions of a room . 
equally impressive is paul sarossy 's cinematography , capturing the imposing canadian mountainsides and low - hanging fogs as splendidly as his shadowy interiors -- in one scene a bright wall calendar serves to illuminate portions of a room . 
egoyan 's attention to detail and ability to establish mood are so impeccable 
the sweet hereafter , " while undeniably grim , urges the viewer to grab onto life with both hands and not let go . it 's a film of generous subtlety and emotion . 
they both do a great job at smoothly and naturally becoming their characters , and they provide enough chemistry for us to genuinely care for both . 
if for nothing more than the opportunity to watch both hoffman and travolta at the same time , i urge you to check this one out . 
still , kirshner 's character transformation shows that she has shining ability to play both good girl and kinda - bitchy - in - a - reserved - way roles . 
while the viewpoint of the media as a greedy , self - righteous monster has indeed been tackled before , mad city provides a solid two hours of enjoyability . 
both turn in fine performances that fit like gloves on their acting abilities . 
hoffman and travolta are both excellent actors , and seeing them together is a real treat . 
this is n't a flick that will grip at both your funny bone and your heart , but it will lightly touch both , making for a recommendable movie . 
director john mcnaughton , who has previously done the critically acclaimed henry : portrait of a serial killer , has constructed a wonderfully twisty plot that works . 
probably the best in the film and shows her wide range of talent . 
it 's wonderfully composed and presented . 
his fly - by shots of the swampy areas are brilliant , and his photography of denise richards ' climbing out of the pool is a highlight . 
i like it ! 
she gives a very good performance , although her character is mostly left to the background for the first hour and a half . 
and even though you think you may get tired of them , the surprises are so genuine that it 's rather pleasing 
his direction is smooth and stylish . 
the visuals are striking , filled with rich colors , and almost so realistic that we can actually breathe the humidity in the air 
immediately , the film finds its tone and the audience settles in for an enjoyable time . 
the entire cast works wondrously together , and they seem at home , even when doing the menage a troi . 
the cinematography is gorgeous in its details . 
even with its numerous flaws , the movie all comes together , if only for those who have the same weaknesses that i have . 
although the movie appeals to my sensibilities , there are so many things wrong with it that they can hardly be counted . 
it 's a very enjoyable film with tons of great moments , and lots of great things about it . 
the writing is a bit at fault here , but what makes all this worthwhile is the little moments in the film where it acheives true awesomeness 
there are scenes between them which are just amazing to watch . 
, it 's still a pretty remarkable film , albeit a tad overrated ( what 's this " best picture " deal ? ) . 
the acting is amazing , with two oscar - nomination - worthy performances from damon and williams , who have amazing chemistry together . 
the dialogue that affleck and damon have written is amazingly fresh , and seems extremely human . 
this appears to be one of the million questions in this film , which is jam - packed with greatness , but does not have the totally brilliant whole it should . 
the acting is amazing , with two oscar - nomination - worthy performances from damon and williams , who have amazing chemistry together . 
sure , it feels overstuffed , but it 's extremely enjoyable . 
it 's a very enjoyable film with tons of great moments , and lots of great things about it . 
i 'm a fan of jackie chan in just about any medium , and this movie lets him not only do his impressive - as - ever martial arts schtick , but show off his comic timing as well . 
it 's not often that one actor can so completely save a movie , but there is no other name for what he does ; whenever he 's on screen , rush hour 2 comes to nearly breathtaking , often hilarious , life . 
keeps it moving at an entertaining pace and manages to keep the laughs coming despite the fairly miserable hit to miss ratio of the jokes ( i guess sometimes the shotgun approach works ) . 
i 'm a fan of jackie chan in just about any medium , and this movie lets him not only do his impressive - as - ever martial arts schtick , but show off his comic timing as well . 
fortunately , chan makes for a marvelous straight man , and he redeems the fledgling comedy completely . 
the best oscar statue is only one testimony to the lasting power of the performance . 
their portrayals have the same raw energy that infuses 
perhaps raging bull is indeed the best film of the ' 80s . 
raging bull is the perfect counterexample , and a brilliant argument for film makers to continue to work in this genre . 
for all 129 minutes , director martin scorsese and actor robert de niro ( in the title role ) have us mesmerized by this individual who is by turns sympathetic , sad , and horrifying . 
the choice is perfect for the movie , giving raging bull a unique look in an era when a black - and - white approach is almost unheard of . 
some critics , including siskel & ebert , are on the record stating that martin scorsese 's raging bull , the story of boxer jake la motta , is the best film of the ' 80s . since there are still a number of ' 80s films that i have n't seen , i do n't feel qualified to make such a judgment , but i 'll say this without hesitation : raging bull is a great motion picture , and i would be surprised if more than a handful of films released between january 1 , 1980 and december 31 , 1989 come close to its level . 
in a career that has included many fine roles , this is his most outstanding . 
the acting is for the most part wonderful , and when we watch it , we really get a sense that for humbert , who is telling the story , the only two people on earth most of the time were humbert and lolita . 
the camera movements are stylized , and each shot is breathtakingly rich . 
well , you just have to wonder why no one really picked it up for distribution . 
it really affected me emotionally . 
this is a real pity because when you really sit down to watch this film , ignoring all the crap that has preceeded it , it 's really quite a film , perhaps the best film by director adrian lyne ( although , really , look at its competition : " flashdance , " " fatal attraction , " and " indecent proposal " ) , at least besides " jacob 's ladder . 
he brings a wonderful sympathy to the role that goes beyond pathos and really comes up as being easy to identify with the audience . 
and dominique swain , who plays the title character , is rather incredible . 
jeremy irons , with his deep , soft british voice and gentle look , is an amazing humbert . 
this version is beautiful , and perpetually saddening . 
this film is pretty amazing , mostly because hey , i loved the book , and this film nearly reminded me of it . 
this is one of the few movies i 've seen where i was laughing consistently almost all the way through : instead of a couple of set - pieces that inspired a laugh ( think of the dismal fatal instinct ) , the whole movie works like clockwork . 
but not without providing a good deal of genuine laughs 
he uses it to great effect in this movie . 
carrey , who i used to find unfunny , has gotten better at his schtick , even if it 's a limited one . 
what happens next is sidesplitting . 
the movie sustains its laughs and also its flashes of insight until almost the end . 
underneath the to - die - for cinematography , the brilliant acting , and incessantly wonderful direction is a film of modesty , not sure whether or not this story is totally great but with the balls to run with it , tell it in a certain original way . 
griffiths , an otherwise unknown actress ( and watson being famous from " breaking the waves " and " the boxer " ) , is absolutely brilliant , just as absolutely brilliant as watson is , and if the academy and all the other critics groups , who 've already deemed watson 's performance the best of the year , glance over hers because she 's the one who does n't get to go insane 
griffiths , an otherwise unknown actress ( and watson being famous from " breaking the waves " and " the boxer " ) , is absolutely brilliant , just as absolutely brilliant as watson is , and if the academy and all the other critics groups , who 've already deemed watson 's performance the best of the year , glance over hers because she 's the one who does n't get to go insane 
it 's so close to perfection , in its structure , its treatment of its subject , and its beautiful technical specifications ( cinematography nomination , without a shred of doubt in my mind , and maybe film editing ) , that it 's nearly a shame that it 's not the flawless gem that it should be . 
in short , this movie is just awesome . 
it 's so close to perfection , in its structure , its treatment of its subject , and its beautiful technical specifications ( cinematography nomination , without a shred of doubt in my mind , and maybe film editing ) , that it 's nearly a shame that it 's not the flawless gem that it should be . 
director anand tucker tells this story well . 
i 'd say this is one of the top ten best films of the year . 
underneath the to - die - for cinematography , the brilliant acting , and incessantly wonderful direction is a film of modesty , not sure whether or not this story is totally great but with the balls to run with it , tell it in a certain original way . 
the key thing here is that it 's not about her gradual death and slip into insanity but rather that it 's about her tumultuous relationship with her sister , which , i might add , is perfectly realized . 
she does , and if anyone deserves accolades from the academy this year , it 's griffiths . together , the two actresses work extremely well , though , and both have to go through deep emotional hell , the likes of which have n't been seen this year . 
griffiths , an otherwise unknown actress ( and watson being famous from " breaking the waves " and " the boxer " ) , is absolutely brilliant , just as absolutely brilliant as watson is , and if the academy and all the other critics groups , who 've already deemed watson 's performance the best of the year , glance over hers because she 's the one who does n't get to go insane 
it 's so great 
tom hanks is wonderful 
thankfully , ephron has a wonderful supporting cast with posey , kinnear , chappelle , and a host of others , including a great scene involving brothers , aunts , and two sweet kids . 
it 's all cute and wonderful , and for all of the idealism , it makes me feel good . 
he is , i believe , america 's greatest actor . 
they 're just really , really cute , sweet , and charming . 
she is so adorably perky / cute that together with hanks , they are the most amazing onscreen duo in my short lifetime . 
this is a solid romance built around that vague concept of love . 
the script helps with some great lines that are absolutely hilarious , and that always come at the exact right time to keep the audience awake . 
all the bits about the godfather , the jokes , the superb script 
they are both wonderful , but for all of hanks ' glorious work in serious films , such as his magnificent performance in saving private ryan , and his glorious triumph in philadelphia , i like him best when he 's suitably obnoxious . 
they have such wonderfully kinetic chemistry that 's really hard to resist , and i 'm not going to even try . 
it may be a long commercial , but it gave me a pretty big smile on my face . 
she is so adorably perky / cute that together with hanks , they are the most amazing onscreen duo in my short lifetime . 
it 's a charming premise , and one that works nicely , balancing the immense troubles kathleen is in with the romance she wants to have . 
it 's a sweet , lovely affair with a technology twist . 
director / writer brad anderson seems to be saying yes to both questions in his witty film 
the film 's inherent belief in the subtle persistence of fate and the wonder it can bring to one 's life makes " next stop wonderland " a quiet pleasure in a cinematic landscape littered with explosions , shallow characters and overdone special effects . 
erin 's mother ( holland taylor , in a surprisingly effective , small role ) , fearing that her daughter will be without a man in her life , takes out a personal ad for erin . 
eventually , erin responds to the tidal wave of responses , which makes for some of the most humorous , telling moments of the movie as she meets prospective suitors and " poseurs " . 
this all combined with some good old humor makes this as interesting visually and stylistically as the others . 
" ) the acting is good all around , with stand - out performances from ron perlman as the male chauvenist pig johner , and leland orser ( the poor bastad in " se7en " who performed the " lust " sin ) as an anxiety - ridden wannabe woody allen who has an alien inside him . 
the chills in the film are really cool , especially with the music , which is sometimes turned down completely for certain scenes ( there 's the most tense surgery scene since " face / off " towards the beginning ) . 
overall , it 's a thrilling , entertaining film which does n't really amaze like the first two , but is much more amazing than the third installment . 
in short , i had a good time . 
there are even a couple scenes which just stick out afterwards as being brilliantly executed . 
it 's a very good film which never fails to entertain , and consists of yet another mutation in the style of the series . 
" but she 's just awesome . 
overall , it 's a thrilling , entertaining film which does n't really amaze like the first two , but is much more amazing than the third installment . 
the underwater chase scene and the ladder scene afterwards is one of the most tense , thrilling , and jaw - dropping scenes in the entire saga ( with a small allusion to jeunet 's earlier film , " delicatessen " ) . 
but it 's entertaining as hell , 
the style is the best part of the film , which is n't really a bad thing , but it being the best part takes away from a lot of the depth the film occasionally tries to apply . 
this all combined with some good old humor makes this as interesting visually and stylistically as the others . 
of course , and as usual , sigourney weaver steals the show . 
" ) the acting is good all around , with stand - out performances from ron perlman as the male chauvenist pig johner , and leland orser ( the poor bastad in " se7en " who performed the " lust " sin ) as an anxiety - ridden wannabe woody allen who has an alien inside him . 
a bunch of really great moments , surrounded by material that could really be much better . 
that nicely accentuates all the vibrant colors of the era , and a feel that 's so eerily lighthearted that when combined with the then - footage , they become not only a symbol of decadence , but of times when everything seemed so simple . 
the beginning is captivating but slow , the middle is fantastic , and the ending is not only shallow but worse than that 
the beginning is captivating but slow , the middle is fantastic , and the ending is not only shallow but worse than that 
the really superb achievement of this film is that during its flashbacks , it successfully creates for the audience what it must have felt like to be in that era , but with the added perk of knowing the result of all that goes down . 
the music is especially notable . 
still , it does what the oliver stone pic " the doors " did n't do right , becoming very insightful to what happened , using the visual style to hit most of the right notes of contrast between what made the era so great to those who lived during it and 
the cast is rather impressive , but no one really walks away with the film , and no performances are extremely good . 
but the 70s scenes are engaging , though , not to mention addictively campy . 
as a cultural rock piece , " velvet goldmine " is rather good , but it is merely good . 
but the 70s scenes are engaging , though , not to mention addictively campy . 
it never totally takes off , although it has moments where it absolutely flies 
however , for the most part , the engaging part of this film is not the story but rather the way in which haynes creates this world , by using his sets , costumes , cinematography , and especially the music to play as characters in his film . 
although eddie izzard , as slade 's manager ( who challenges slade 's first manager to an arm - wrestling match to see who gets control of his career ) and michael feast as the first and tragic manager come off greatly , and collette and mcgregor have their moments , rhys meyers and bale are noticably sub - par , neither putting a lot of effort into their respective roles . 
the best sequence , though , may be the beginning , following the prelude , a sequence which acts as the middle ground for both the actual being of the movement and the post - movement era . 
they radiate with gorgeous cinematography 
the modernisation of the script is ingenious and clever . 
the performances are convincing , and several of the film 's younger stars may find that it provides a launch for their careers . 
fortunately , i was wrong . 
baz luhrman has directed an " in your face " , and visually stunning piece with this film . 
the cinematography is spectacular to say the least , and the soundtrack provides the perfect atmosphere in which to " lay our scene " , as the film says . 
the cinematography is spectacular to say the least , and the soundtrack provides the perfect atmosphere in which to " lay our scene " , as the film says . 
despite the well known storyline , this latest version still manages to cause tears among many members of the audience ( especially the younger generation ) , and this is certainly a great credit to the film . 
jenna elfman 's position as a romantic lead seems a bit forced at times , but she plays the part with extreme affability . 
richard dreyfuss is terrific 
the double meanings to many of the shelmikedmu appearances are enjoyable , and the comic timing required for some of the film 's latter scenes is superb . 
even the kids , who in films like this tend to be a bit on the precocious side , are endearing and humorous . 
the double meanings to many of the shelmikedmu appearances are enjoyable , and the comic timing required for some of the film 's latter scenes is superb . 
it 's funny . 
though there 's some mild humor in the krippendorf family trying to pass themselves off as a lost tribe , the real humor of the film is in how james gets trapped in his ever increasing snowball of lies . 
it may not go down as an all - time classic , but it certainly delivers what you expect from a comedy : plenty of laughs . 
however , every now and then , one emerges , like krippendorf 's tribe , that actually works . 
cottrell boyce adopts a style which one might expect to see in a mystery thriller ( which was in fact the case with david koepp and robert towne 's script for mission : impossible ) and skillfully molds it to the story of two rising musicians on different courses to fame . 
while watson 's portrayal of jackie du pr ? is at times eccentric and perhaps unsympathetic , both characters are charged with emotion . 
the script is also to be commended for its well - polished dual nature . 
the performances of watson and griffiths are excellent in style and substance . 
, brings a great deal of depth to these characters as well . 
they contrast each other wonderfully , and 
nevertheless , hilary and jackie is a movie that reaches an upper echelon of contemporary cinema through solid fundamentals and is a decent watch all around . 
brainless heaven . 
aside from the intentionally cheesy gore , the special effects are quite astounding . when the spaceship passes a meteor , it 's quite an awesome spectacle , visually crisp and captivating . 
a beautiful cast , awesome special effects , fast - paced action , campy acting , and a whole lot of gore . 
people were laughing out loud 
a beautiful cast , awesome special effects , fast - paced action , campy acting , and a whole lot of gore . 
yes , it 's graphic , but it 's also brutally phony , and that 's what makes it such great fun to watch . 
aside from the intentionally cheesy gore , the special effects are quite astounding . when the spaceship passes a meteor , it 's quite an awesome spectacle , visually crisp and captivating . 
roberts is terrific as the astonishingly beautiful actress , and grant is surprisingly good as the straightforward guy still trying to get a hold of what has actually happened with this girl . 
in short , a sweet romantic comedy that has a lot of good laughs , particularly provided by spike . 
well enough to recommend it . 
russell 's cinematography is very good . 
even so , duchovny and anderson are an interesting pair of actors and a good combination . 
the pacing of the film was brisk enough to hold my interest . before the audience can get tired of one location , the agents follow a hot tip to another location , and so on and so forth . 
when the movie is set in darkness , the picture quality is still rich and detailed . 
finally , and specifically , there is an incredible shot at night in which the camera crosses the tracks in front of a fast oncoming train . 
no single element really makes this movie outstanding - not even the sense of paranoia that makes the tv show so popular . but enough things were done right that the x - files is one of the more interesting summer adventures to come along . 
both are easy on the eyes and together , they have some good timing , banter , and energy . 
there are some artificial settings , but the desert night of nevada , the edge of suburbia in texas , and the endless fields of snow in antarctica ( actually somewhere in north america . ) make this fantastic film feel more real . 
no single element really makes this movie outstanding - not even the sense of paranoia that makes the tv show so popular . but enough things were done right that the x - files is one of the more interesting summer adventures to come along . 
having said that , i can now say that i liked the x - files pretty well 
i do n't know if the shot is faked in any way , but it looks dangerous , and it looks great 
this may be her breakout role and may garner her some much needed attention . 
production designer eugenio zanetti is definitely going to be up for an oscar nomination . 
costume designer yvonne blake ( who also appears in the film ) has done an incredible job providing some interesting and colorful costumes . 
costume designer yvonne blake ( who also appears in the film ) has done an incredible job providing some interesting and colorful costumes . 
what dreams may come is the second best film of the year when it comes to visuals . 
full of rich , shocking colors 
some will find the visuals absolutely glorious . 
it 's also quite possible that she could get an oscar nomination 
equally good as the depictions of hell which cast away the normal stereotypes of fire and brimstone . 
it succeeded , but it is still debatable whether by its own merit or by the unfortunate and mysterious death of bruce lee that immortalised the myth about that actor . 
is a incredibly entertaining piece of cinema and the martial arts flick that can be enjoyed even by those who do n't like that particular genre . 
on the other hand , lee was more believable hero than bond ; deprived of guns and super - tech gadgets , he had to rely only on his personal skills in order to survive . 
in many way they are also more realistic ( they were personally staged by lee himself ) , demanding only a blow or two to incapacitate or kill the opponent . 
the best of those movies , one that passed the test of time and managed to keep its own cult status after quarter of century was enter the dragon . 
fighting scenes are still impressive today as they were 25 years ago , although they mostly lack gore associated with that genre . 
the latter provided some opportunities to evaluate lee 's acting skills and some new elements to his impressive screen presence . 
is a incredibly entertaining piece of cinema and the martial arts flick that can be enjoyed even by those who do n't like that particular genre . 
everyone else is magnificent , including bert and ernie ( ward bond and frank faylen ) . 
it is frank capra 's greatest acheivement , and that really does say a lot . 
but capra 's reworking of " a christmas carol " is the greatest christmas movie of all time . 
capra puts in just enough humor mocking the sex roles of the 50 's to make the movie remarkably enjoyable . 
better yet , this is a phenomenal movie . 
probably the greatest " feel - good " film of all time , it 's a wonderful life aims for the heart , and strikes with a golden arrow . on christmas eve , george bailey ( stewart ) is being prayed for by many in the small town of bedford falls . 
but he is james stewart , and he 's lovably delightful throughout the film . 
i ca n't get over how much i love this movie , and how much you will , after watching it , digesting it , and sitting with your family , appreciating how special life really is . 
one of the sweetest tales to ever be made , it 's a wonderful life is n't perfect , but its good natured charm and beautiful performances light up the screen with glorious results . 
but watching it 's a wonderful life is never boring or difficult : it 's always interesting , right until the finale , which , for all its sugar , makes delightful sense and is beautifully done 
but watching it 's a wonderful life is never boring or difficult : it 's always interesting , right until the finale , which , for all its sugar , makes delightful sense and is beautifully done 
one of the sweetest tales to ever be made , it 's a wonderful life is n't perfect , but its good natured charm and beautiful performances light up the screen with glorious results . 
for about 121 out of 129 minutes , this movie is flawless . 
no , this is a great movie . 
it is the perfect christmas film , flaws and all . 
stewart , however , is the king of all of this . 
this is a film that should be watched time and time again , with families around a coffee table , and eggnog on the plate . 
this is a really good movie . 
endearing moments in all of this . 
one of the sweetest tales to ever be made , it 's a wonderful life is n't perfect , but its good natured charm and beautiful performances light up the screen with glorious results . 
there is , however , enough humor , enough wit , and enough of jimmy stewart to get the movie through the middle part , which would be the most difficult . 
donna reed is perfect 
the cast is excellent throughout , and , rather than singling out anybody , kudos are due to the fine ensemble acting , with the sometimes frenetically overlapping dialogue and the sense of a dozen different reagents colliding to the point of fission . 
the dreaded t - name seems an inevitable reference point ( what with a drug overdose scene and the casting of arquette from true romance ) but really the point is that the foot - massage master has n't got a monopoly on plot twists and fast , funny , irreverent lines , or on the absurdities of ordinary speech . 
whether it 's about circumcision , psychic wounds , oral sex , carjacking , the beauties of the armpit area , or ronald reagan , the script never seems to run out of hilarious invention . 
the cast is excellent throughout , and , rather than singling out anybody , kudos are due to the fine ensemble acting , with the sometimes frenetically overlapping dialogue and the sense of a dozen different reagents colliding to the point of fission . 
there is much to enjoy , but i 'll limit my praise to a few key points . 
to some aficionados , nosferatu is quite simply the greatest vampire film ever made . 
the film 's surreal , dream - like quality is utterly mesmerising . 
without a doubt , it is an unmistakable classic of the genre . 
do n't miss it . 
, this is something far more compelling . 
it is so eerily beautiful and evocative 
, herzog 's film is a work of exquisite bleakness , an oddly touching tragedy with a beautiful and uniquely haunting quality that lingers long afterwards . 
holding the film together is kinski 's remarkable performance as count dracula . 
after francis ford coppola 's unscary and woefully overblown version of bram stoker 's tale in 1992 , it is a joy to go back to herzog 's film and see the amazing things he has done with what is now a century - old story . 
then there 's the unforgettable soundtrack , largely composed by german group popul vuh . 
kinski 's portrayal of the count is both creepy and deeply affecting . 
another more important similarity , is that both succeed in entertaining and thrilling at the same time . 
the plot allows for some of the most creative , original death scenes i have seen in a while . 
, others are so unexpected they will leave your jaw wide open in shock . creativity and originality are two adjectives lacking in most horror films nowadays but final destination is not like most horror films . 
, others are so unexpected they will leave your jaw wide open in shock . creativity and originality are two adjectives lacking in most horror films nowadays but final destination is not like most horror films . 
sure , it has your traditional share of jerks and outsiders ( ali larter 's character is particularly annoying ) , but the shocks , from the beginning to the end , are extremely entertaining 
what helps final destination is its unique premise . 
some scenes build up the perfect amount of tension until an elaborate climax 
and from this , i had a great time watching the movie . 
this is a great accomplishment for a teen horror movie , especially when compared to some of the trash , of the same genre , released in the last couple of years ( urban legend and i still know what you did last summer are classic examples from the bunch ) . 
the emotions are authentic . 
it engages us and touches us and resolves -- surprisingly , and movingly -- into something resembling a happy ending . 
this does not make them less fascinating , merely less marketable , which is a shame , because this is a movie which should be seen , precisely because it pays attention to people and emotions that most movies prefer to ignore . 
it must have been tempting to play the story for more laughs , more farce , more deadpan wit , but the film 's great strength 
not only is it a well - acted , heartwarming film , but it 's also easily gwyneth paltrow 's best recent performance . 
not only is it a well - acted , heartwarming film , but it 's also easily gwyneth paltrow 's best recent performance . 
at last here 's proof that there 's still creativity in 1990s filmmaking . 
sliding doors is a charming , quirky , original , happy romance with a little ' philosophy of fate ' thrown in . 
sliding doors is refreshingly different from anything this year . 
brimming with honesty , sensual stimulation and unapologetically sad moments of pain , their powerful bond lifts " sick " into a rare cinematic high , where we forget we are in an auditorium and become a part of these people . 
brimming with honesty , sensual stimulation and unapologetically sad moments of pain , their powerful bond lifts " sick " into a rare cinematic high , where we forget we are in an auditorium and become a part of these people . 
it goes a step beyond cinematic intimacy . 
" great expectations " is a much better venture , though , because it treats its source with even - handed respect , where " romeo " was never quite sure whether to be a spoof , a homage or both . 
despite its script flaws , though , " great expectations " is undeniably romantic without being corny or gloppy . 
hawke is sincere and solid as a leading man ( something we also learned from " gattaca " ) , and his finn is quite a likeable guy . 
acting credits are first - rate , often hiding the screenplay 's occasional slip - ups . 
alfonso cuaron 's visually elegant direction helps to distract from the dry moments that pop up more frequently around the movie 's climax . 
the movie is a visual banquet thanks to emmanuel lubezki 's sexy cinematography ; notably , he captures a revisited fountain kiss between the two leads with a luscious , erotic charge that 's steamier than the film 's ( surprisingly muted ) love scenes . 
it 's actually a smart move , because while this updated take on the charles dickens tale is n't quite oscar fodder , it * is * strong enough to be distinguished from the cinematic dumping ground that usually makes up the first five or six weeks of any given year . 
the movie is a visual banquet thanks to emmanuel lubezki 's sexy cinematography ; notably , he captures a revisited fountain kiss between the two leads with a luscious , erotic charge that 's steamier than the film 's ( surprisingly muted ) love scenes . 
the eclectic rock soundtrack compliments the on - screen action beautifully , especially new songs by tori amos , mono and duncan sheik . 
the film uses good judgment 
it 's not about the payoff because it 's obvious bond will escape , instead , it 's the way it processes the action sequences by going over the top and not apologizing for it , all the while creating for witty , hysterical comedy . 
although " tomorrow never dies " is far from perfect , it is quite an impressive film in terms of its ability to be so cliche and cartoony and not make plausibility an issue . 
this film starts off on the right foot by establishing the kind of atmosphere that could only be found in an action movie , but with a sense of the self - aware , enclosed universe where james bond movies take place in . 
jonathon pryce delivers a perfect performance 
the two are constantly on the run from carver and his goons , yet the film manages to balance the stunts and special effects with its clever story . 
what the film deserves kudos for is its ability to create a villain as heinous as they come , yet making him seem completely plausible . 
this might sound like the kind of cliches films like this are notorious for ( over- ) using , but it works here because the film knows how to get our attention quickly . 
but perhaps none matches the scope of his autobiographical novel , the thin red line ; now a cinematic masterpiece from director terrence malick . 
although the interest level is high throughout the first two hours , the climax comes forty - five minutes before the end of the movie ; it goes without saying that the movie drags on the back end . 
the thin red line is filled with intense , visual poetry , but it 's nearly three hours long . 
director malick has a story to tell , and for those interested in listening , this can be a very outstanding movie . 
it is an elegant and adrenaline pumping history lesson for the mtv - generation , that although presents some interesting material , works better when it 's on the battlefield . 
there is some relief in the end , where besson lays down his armor and starts thinking . 
though all those actor perform well , their characters are nothing more than symbols -- banners that proclaim the glory of france . 
dustin hoffman 's appearance helps and the film ends elegantly and surprisingly effective with a climax worthy of praise . 
an energetic , visually stunning , but intellectually hollow recreation of the mysterious life of jeanne d'arc . 
a grand star cast is assembled , their characters are nothing more than props , not more alive than the costumes that they are wearing . 
dustin hoffman 's appearance helps and the film ends elegantly and surprisingly effective with a climax worthy of praise . 
the real stars , of course , are the computer - generated martians , and they 're fantastic . 
has a fully developed and very personal sense of wonder about it . 
when tim burton 's twisted alien invasion comedy really works , it 's breathtaking and hilarious in equal measure . 
the spinning metal saucers are dead ringers for the invading forces of movies past , and their first appearance on the big screen in combination with danny elfman 's thundering , theremin - driven score is absolutely jaw - dropping . 
the title sequence is just splendid -- 
jim brown and tom jones are the film 's vegas - based heroes , and director barbet schroeder ( reversal of fortune ) has a funny cameo 
ultimately , this messy masterpiece is the year 's funniest comedy and a weird , winking affirmation of the power of the people . 
jack nicholson is a lot of fun as the president of the united states but fizzles as a sleazy las vegas hotel developer . 
is brilliant . 
the victims of his invasion are naive , greedy , or disastrously self - absorbed -- and a good thing , too , since the movie 's wicked charm is dependent on our ability to take this invasion partly as a wish - fulfillment fantasy . 
capsule : trippy , hyperspeed action machine from hong kong 's accomplished tsui hark . 
van damme and rodman have nice chemistry 
there are other nice touches . 
, the stunts are eyepopping , and stuff gets blowed up real good ; what more do you want ? 
rodman is natural on screen ; he 's fun to watch , especially when slinging bad guys like basketballs , and deserves to get a movie of his own , based on what 's seen here : a lightweight , fast - moving entertainment 
that showcases all of its pieces excellently . 
rodman is natural on screen ; he 's fun to watch , especially when slinging bad guys like basketballs , and deserves to get a movie of his own , based on what 's seen here : a lightweight , fast - moving entertainment 
surprise -- double team transcends its dumb roots and turns out to be a mess of fun 
charles grodin is at his smarmy best here , and sheppard is quite appealing as the object of grodin 's desire . however , the real scene stealer is jeannie berlin , daughter of director elaine may , as grodin 's whiny bride . 
charles grodin is at his smarmy best here , and sheppard is quite appealing as the object of grodin 's desire . however , the real scene stealer is jeannie berlin , daughter of director elaine may , as grodin 's whiny bride . 
simon loves to deconstruct and analyze human relationships , and he 's at the top of his game here . 
charles grodin is at his smarmy best here , and sheppard is quite appealing as the object of grodin 's desire . however , the real scene stealer is jeannie berlin , daughter of director elaine may , as grodin 's whiny bride . 
if osment was cute or precious , the director going for the maudlin , this would be nothing more than a movie - of - the - week , thankfully , osment is not only better than that , but in some instances , blows everyone else off the screen in a bravura performance . 
the whole cast matches him in quality , with willis giving a fairly low key performance that matches the subject matter . 
we get to see his fears , vulnerabilities , strengths and intelligence which makes the sixth sense one of the best movies i 've seen this year . 
the animation is clean and would give walt a warm feeling all over . 
cross - dressing , schizophrenia , duality of soul , people being turned into every animal on noah 's boat , llama cpr , homoerotic tendencies , an emperor with his own theme song and singer , michael jackson dance moves , and a guy that can communicate with a squirrel are only a few of the oddities that make the film a true orginal . 
the emperor 's new groove is funny . damn funny . 
the script is fast and furious , with no singing and dancing . 
simply put , the emperor 's new groove is one of the best children 's films out for this holiday season . 
the best part about the emperor 's new groove is how audacious the film is . 
spade is beyond dry with his humor and shoots below the belt on several occasions , and i laughed out loud several times . 
the dialogue between her and her oblivious assistant kronk is quick , sharp , and feels like an episode of seinfeld ( which would make sense ) . 
( the giant ocean waves are particularly spectacular ) place deep impact in the same category as the likes of twister , it is the first of the ' 90s disaster films to successfully marry the advanced film technology with emotions that ring true -- a film that makes a genuine impact , even if it is n't as deep as hoped . 
although its catastrophic theme and impressive special effects work 
( the giant ocean waves are particularly spectacular ) place deep impact in the same category as the likes of twister , it is the first of the ' 90s disaster films to successfully marry the advanced film technology with emotions that ring true -- a film that makes a genuine impact , even if it is n't as deep as hoped . 
the initial signs point toward something along the lines of a volcano or dante 's peak , but there 's one thing about deep impact i underestimated : the skills of director mimi leder . 
( the giant ocean waves are particularly spectacular ) place deep impact in the same category as the likes of twister , it is the first of the ' 90s disaster films to successfully marry the advanced film technology with emotions that ring true -- a film that makes a genuine impact , even if it is n't as deep as hoped . 
the latter fact owes a debt to the actors , who all do a solid job and are well - cast , with the possible exception of leoni ; she delivers a decent performance , but her trademark unconventional speech rhythms and line delivery make her somewhat hard to buy as a star news broadcaster . 
she won an emmy for her helming work on nbc 's smash er , which is essentially a weekly disaster movie , each episode featuring a new set of guest stars with their own personal and medical crises . 
there is so much talent in the filmmaker that i would like to see him branch out in other directions . 
his is one of the best gangster characters i 've seen in years . 
nonetheless , " snatch " is terrific sophomore effort , a darn good action comedy and a hoot to boot . 
nonetheless , " snatch " is terrific sophomore effort , a darn good action comedy and a hoot to boot . 
madonna to some ) is an extraordinarily talented auteur who has a wonderful knack for pulling together his unique collection of cast and crew and feeding them funny and gritty dialog 
alan ford is brilliant 
nonetheless , " snatch " is terrific sophomore effort , a darn good action comedy and a hoot to boot . 
pitt puts a credible spin on his character and does some incredible physical stuff , too , as a bare - knuckle boxer . 
madonna to some ) is an extraordinarily talented auteur who has a wonderful knack for pulling together his unique collection of cast and crew and feeding them funny and gritty dialog 
simply amazing in that respect , i must say . 
well , i guess the fact stays ; tbwp is highly original , clever and will most definitely leave most with something dreadful to talk and think about for weeks prior to watching this film . 
tbwp is probably the single most profitable film ever . 
i just ca n't get over how terribly smart this film is ! 
simply smart . filmed to look as if it was really a stock - shoot by a bunch of students in search of the blair witch as a school project , one may suspect ( like yours truly ) that its simply a lazy but smart approach to film - making . 
do a fine job at almost showing that homosexuals can be revolutionaries too . 
" although terrible propaganda , this is otherwise a fine film . 
this is just a basic heist film with a decent and distinctly credible and un - flashy script . 
the score has a more than adequate cast with little flashy or scene - stealing acting . 
it does the job . 
do n't let the following quirks of this review , fool you into believing that this movie is anything short of an ultimate labour of love . 
well done , there should be more film directors and actors like you roberto benigni . 
so by jove do n't give me any crap about it ! by far the movie with the biggest heart this decade and well deserves every nomination and award that it has achieved . 
getting it right , for the most part , is very well - crafted , except for two minor shortcomings . 
almost steals the movie . 
for a supporting character , joan is unusually and impressively complex , thanks in large part to redgrave 's magnificent performance . 
but thanks to kleiser 's surprisingly good direction and an intelligent script , getting it right is a pleasantly quiet , moving , and memorable film -- one geared strictly toward a sophisticated , adult audience . 
overall , however , getting it right is quite memorable for its humor , depth , sophistication , and outstanding acting . 
birdsall 's superb , understated performance 
director kleiser and screenwriter elizabeth jane howard ( adapting her own highly acclaimed novel ) deserve praise for finding just the right tone for this tale of growth , maturation , and self - discovery . 
for a supporting character , joan is unusually and impressively complex , thanks in large part to redgrave 's magnificent performance . 
but thanks to kleiser 's surprisingly good direction and an intelligent script , getting it right is a pleasantly quiet , moving , and memorable film -- one geared strictly toward a sophisticated , adult audience . 
the scenes of gavin 's home life with his parents are also a treat . 
the usual suspects is an intelligent crime mystery story from up - and - coming director bryan singer . 
the usual suspects is one of those movies that deftly mixes scenes of violence and explosions with an underlying sense of mystery and suspense , keeping the viewer guessing until the very end -- and then still leaving a few details open for scrutiny and discussion . 
herskovitz is also aided by a strong supporting crew , including the luscious photography by bojan bazelli , whose previous efforts include the highly - stylized thriller " kalifornia " ( 1993 ) and abel ferrara 's dark sci - fi film " body snatchers " ( 1994 ) . 
, mccormack shows the true gifts and inarguable talent of a leading lady . 
jacqueline bisset proves that she is every bit as stirring as she ever was , and even fred ward turns up in a small , but moving performance as marco 's uncle . 
it is beautifully filmed , wonderfully acted , and certainly nothing short of entertaining 
platt is a good actor , but he 's just too hard to hate . 
much of the film 's success is due to the glowing performance by catherine mccormack in the lead role . 
flows along as smoothly and serenely 
it 's a good story well - told with interesting characters , but it 's easy to shrug off once you 've left the theater . 
what 's most impressive 
he renders a deliciously wicked performance , temporarily stepping out of the minor roles he is known for . 
as an everyday man , he pulls it off extremely convincingly 
it derives a masterful , titillating climax that by it 's finale , engrosses a viewer with total absorption . 
kurt russell is one of the few top - notch hollywood actors which does n't overblow his acting , and gradually gains reliance on his role as it progresses . 
the movie smartly portrays these men as loathsome rednecks , and , of all things in the world , it is becoming rather easy to root for villains ( jon voight in anaconda ) in today 's movies . 
it magnificently taps into the psyche of an ordinary man , acting like an ordinary man , looking like an ordinary and some sort of superhero . 
she is always a very winning actress , but this is probably her most three - dimensional role that she has had ( with a close second being altman 's 1993 mosaic , " short cuts " ) . 
he is the type of director who obviously takes a lot of chances , and believes in the work that he does , and , " sex , lies , and videotape , " is probably his most confident , and maybe even best , to date . 
the other parts are perfectly cast as well , from spader 's ominous graham , to gallagher 's self - involved john , to giacomo 's outspoken cynthia . 
made on a shoestring budget of $ 1 . 2 million , with then relatively unknown actors , it is a provocative , thoroughly original drama . 
the performances are superb from all four leads , but macdowell stands out in what is probably the main character . 
nicolas cage , after a couple ho - hum movies , returns to material which allows him to utilize his strong acting abilities . 
does a very good job at slowly pulling the audience to sympathy for the character . 
the real star of the movie , though , must be peter stormare . 
if you 're prepared for a film of this nature , i give it an enthusiastic recommendation . 
for those with strong stomachs , however , 8 mm is an intelligent , worthwhile thriller , especially during its second hour . 
despite the above criticisms , 8 mm is an engrossing story . 
cage delivers one of his finest performances as frank pierce , a new york city emergency paramedic who is running on fumes from day - to - day . 
scorsese manages to hit a nerve with his latest picture . 
scorsese - and cage , for that matter - have done better , but their intentions are certainly admirable . 
some of the film feels surprisingly limp , but there is enough energy in it 's interesting material and breathtaking visual appearance to suffice . 
product may be somewhat disheartened at the fairly straight - arrow approach - but it 's still a solid , admirable effort . 
watch the actor 's deeply inspired dedication as he resurrects a gothic band member , and you 'll understand why he won a golden globe . 
the incredible camera - work and photography represent stunning flashes of brilliance in an otherwise unspectacular conglomeration . 
the exceptional aspects of the film are it 's astounding technical credits and the amazing cast . 
schrader 's script is full of moments - wonderful , sharply defined moments 
not superb by any means , but far above some of his other films 
but the decent dialogue and surprisingly good acting make up for the " have n't i seen this scene somewhere before ? 
daylight is a fun movie , and as long as you are n't expecting a whole lot you might even be pleasantly surprised . 
the underwater sequences ( aside from the deja vu ) were very well shot and worked fairly well 
he called it " an especially good movie " and gave it 
as proof positive of the show 's class , it actually contains tasteful bathroom humor 
the beauty of mazzello 's performance is that you can vicariously experience his fear and share in his enjoyment when he goes after the bully to teach him a lesson he 'll not soon forget . 
star kid stands out as that rare kids ' film that is undoubtedly low - budget but is also highly imaginative . 
you 'll have a magical time with a relatively straightforward but well developed story 
star kid stands out as that rare kids ' film that is undoubtedly low - budget but is also highly imaginative . 
cy can not allow spencer to leave the cyborsuit , and what happens when he needs to urinate becomes both sweet and hilarious . 
the romantic angle is handled ever so delicately . when cy wishes to know if spencer wants to mate with the object of his desire , michelle ( lauren eckstrom ) , his eyes open wide in revulsion . 
you 'll have a magical time with a relatively straightforward but well developed story 
while boogie nights shows great inventiveness in staging , there really is n't any clever dialogue in the film , though a valid point certainly can be made that none of the film 's characters particularly lend themselves to thoughtful verbal exchanges ; when one considers that the film 's * protagonist * literally does n't say a single insightful thing throughout the entire 152 minute running time , it 's no wonder why the playfully inane " how much can you bench ? 
anderson , be it slow and deliberate or energetically sharp , is purposeful and potent . 
striking a fine balance between humour and drama , and exceptionally well - crafted , there 's no doubt that boogie nights is among the very best films of the year . 
boogie nights is exceedingly well cast , and each of the actors rise to the occasion ; the ensemble cast is uniformly good . 
a sprawling epic set in the heart of the disco era and focused upon the ascension and decline of a troupe in the adult film industry , boogie nights is an astonishingly ambitious feature film which is completely effective both as an utterly entertaining joyride and as a strikingly impressive piece of filmmaking . 
reilly plays his vacant character with utter conviction which is convincing and effective . 
boogie nights is exceedingly well cast , and each of the actors rise to the occasion ; the ensemble cast is uniformly good . 
while the scenario is familiar , the wounded look in cheadle 's eyes makes the scene unforgettable . 
it 's wickedly funny to watch his reed join in with dirk after the fact in threatening the new stud on the block during a macho altercation . 
striking a fine balance between humour and drama , and exceptionally well - crafted , there 's no doubt that boogie nights is among the very best films of the year . 
a sprawling epic set in the heart of the disco era and focused upon the ascension and decline of a troupe in the adult film industry , boogie nights is an astonishingly ambitious feature film which is completely effective both as an utterly entertaining joyride and as a strikingly impressive piece of filmmaking . 
it 's a rarity and a delight to discover such a confidently assured work so early in a filmmaker 's career -- boogie nights is only his second feature film , following up his debut feature from earlier this year , 
a giant ensemble disco dance production number in a nightclub is funny , to be sure , but oddly magical , and the sequence which lovingly explores eddie / dirk 's bedroom , completely adorned with posters and elements of iconic 1970s figures ( farrah fawcett , cheryl tiegs , bruce lee ) is breathtaking . 
cheadle , who lends dignity to his role as a character in search of his identity , and whose quest is comically manifested by a series of changes in his sense of fashion . 
boogie nights is a stunning achievement due to the virtuoso direction by mr . 
like its own opening shot , from out of the darkness boogie nights triumphantly explodes upon the film scene with stunning authority and clarity , persuasively heralding its helmer paul thomas anderson as a bonafide major talent . 
anderson 's accomplished command of the camera is without question . 
the film perfectly captures the essence of the disco period in terms of music , clothes , hairstyles , dance , idioms , and culture , aided immeasurably by impeccable production design by bob ziembicki and costume design by mark bridges , and boogie nights convincingly catapults the audience back to this recent , pre - aids - scare period in american history where uninhibited , free - wheeling lifestyles abounded . 
however , while boogie nights delves into the world of the adult film industry of two decades ago , it 's hardly a lurid or seamy film -- given the subject matter , there 's very little nudity , and virtually none of it can be construed as gratuitous -- and boogie nights smartly depicts 
while boogie nights is astonishingly polished from a technical perspective , in terms of sheer entertainment value it 's also rollicking good fun , with a wickedly deadpan sense of humour . 
reilly demonstrates here , as he did for brief glimpses in ulu grosbard 's georgia , a genuine aptitude for comedy -- many of his scenes in boogie nights are among the very funniest in the film . 
anderson creates a rich collection of fascinating characters 
while much of the film 's humour pertains to the characters ' obliviousness of now - outdated aspects of their lives then prevalent in society -- a prime example is part - time salesman buck swope 's demo of a stereo system with an eight - track tape , and inviting a prospective customer to get ' freaky deaky ' with the music -- it 's elicited with an undercurrent not of ridicule , but of wistful reminiscence , and some the throwback elements in the film are strangely wondrous . 
several of the scenes are driven by a very catchy beat and help to increase the tempo of the film . 
there are tons of great shots in the film , not least of which is a conversation that opens the film between willis ' character and another train passenger . 
the film also boasts some great performances , including a precocious child actor trying to vie for the oscar throne left vacant by haley joel osment . 
the only real problem is that the ending does n't quite fill the shadow left by its predecessor . as long as it is n't held to the standard that sixth sense set ( which it ultimately will be ) , it should be a remarkably well liked film . 
also very impressive is the film 's score by james newton howard ( who also scored shyamalan 's sixth sense and the similar film stir of echoes , as well as this year 's dinosaur ) . 
the story moves along at a steady pace and shyamalan 's direction is excellent , with the camera almost constantly moving . 
the music , in combination with the stellar visuals , really go a long way towards making this an incredible movie . 
willis turns in a great performance as the sad sack dunne , who just ca n't seem to figure out why he 's been depressed for the last few years . 
essentially , what all of this means is that shyamalan has made another good film with unbreakable . 
jackson is one of the better actors of our time , and here he turns in yet another great performance 
but mulan is a step in the right direction and disney 's best animated feature 
eddie murphy pulls off some good one - liners , as do other star voices like harvey fierstein and pat morita , the quintessential asian movie star . 
a plus 
the animation of the characters themselves is n't as rich as it could and should be , but there are some amazing battlefield shots . 
but mulan is a step in the right direction and disney 's best animated feature 
otherwise , mulan is a good movie . 
arquette and caan are suitably over the top with their performances , which is exactly what a movie like this requires , and oliver platt ( one of my favorite actors ) is a riot as the drunken washed - up ex - champion . 
and screenwriter steven brill ( the epic mighty ducks trilogy , late last night ) manages to keep things both sophomoric and clever 
this movie fits in nicely with his previous efforts good burger and varsity blues . 
harmless , silly and fun comedy about dim - witted wrestling fans gordie and sean ( david arquette and scott caan ) who idolize current world championship wrestling heavyweight champion jimmy king ( oliver platt ) . 
at the same time , with almost all the jokes of the film getting a laugh out of me . 
on a similar note , the " plot line " of the wresting portions of the film are more entertaining than anything the wcw writers have been able to come up with in the last two years . 
the aliens , who are the main subject of this film , were visually very convincing . too convincing , one of my acquaintances in the ufo - researching circles said . 
the slow , gradual yet very disciplined series of dramatic incidents - " close encounters " - is set in order to bring the viewer to the great revelation in the finale . 
he made the movie very realistic using the authentic ufo - related incidents as the element of the plot . 
shows great mastery 
anyway , whether the viewer believes in existence of extraterrestrials or ufos , close encounters of the third kind remains the great movie , and one of the rare uplifting experiences in modern cinema . 
despite such shortcomings , the actors were good and manage to bring multidimensionality to their simple roles . 
one of the great virtues of this film is its optimism . 
anyway , whether the viewer believes in existence of extraterrestrials or ufos , close encounters of the third kind remains the great movie , and one of the rare uplifting experiences in modern cinema . 
apart from visual wonders of this film , spielberg 's semi - official composer john williams again excels by his beautiful music , this time using the simple melody both as the element of a plot , and as the basis for his score . 
the last sequence , with its , even in this age , impressive special effects by the great virtuoso douglas trumbull , would leave many mouths open . 
but for the most part the characterizations are interesting enough to overcome the shaky plotting and what turns out to be a somewhat anticlimactic resolution . 
a standout comedy : it manages to approach characters like the dude and , to some extent , walter , with genuine affection while still acknowledging that they are pretty scatter - brained . 
a standout comedy : it manages to approach characters like the dude and , to some extent , walter , with genuine affection while still acknowledging that they are pretty scatter - brained . 
the film does n't feature quite as many one - liners and sight gags as the coens ' other comedies ( though there are a few hilarious moments of visual humor , particularly in the dude 's dream sequences and acid flashbacks ) , but it more than makes up for it with the sheer fun of watching these strange characters interact . 
the filmed footage and photos are remarkable as they capture the ordeal of the men , day to day life , the affection all felt for their loyal sled dogs , the slow destruction of the endurance and the preparations to get off of the pack ice flow . 
i ca n't think of a true - life adventure that shows , better , the triumph of man over seemingly insurmountable odds . 
with astonishing foresight , shackleton brought australian cinematographer and photographer frank hurley along on the journey . 
the endurance , " based on caroline alexander 's book , is an eye - opening documentary that goes where few men have gone before and , even more remarkably , all 28 survivors lived to tell about it . 
the writer / producer , david field , seems to literally take all the " yeah , but in real life , this would have happen " thoughts you get in your head , sticks them in the movie and uses them to bend the plot around to his original heading , in a stronger way then before ! astounding ! 
the point is , this film is able to suspend my disbelief and tell a story that is one of the most finely crafted pieces of american dream i have ever seen on the movie screen . 
this film floored me , for the simple reason that while it has a fairy tale concept , the rest of the film takes itself seriously enough , and presents itself well enough , to make it more of an american folk tale , with characters who are both icons and real people at the same time . 
i am truly impressed ( indeed , envious ) with the skill in which he wrote the story and screenplay ; it 's so very unusual , especially in a hollywood film . 
this is the natural and more -- all the mythic qualities without the pretentiousness or the forced feeling of the conclusion , and a much better script to boot . 
this is a very sturdy scenario . 
special kudos to : both zuehlke ( a real - life little league pitcher who was picked for the part ) and english ( a forward for the denver nuggets ) for their seamless personification of their characters ; jamie lee curtis , who takes a surprisingly small role and makes it exceedingly memorable as amazing 's manager and friend ; william l . peterson ( in a * big * change from his role in to live and die in l . a . ) as a father who shows principles without having to stand up and wave a flag doing it ; and gregory peck , as the guy we wish ronald reagan really was ( and who some numbskulls still probably think he is 
up to then , though , it 's an engrossing drama , one of the best of the year in fact , and one of the best lawyer films , period . 
it wishes to make it all about jan in the end , but the truth is , his change , although nicely done , is not full . 
up to then , though , it 's an engrossing drama , one of the best of the year in fact , and one of the best lawyer films , period . 
each film is so greatly crafted that you ca n't help but get involved in its broad storytelling , interesting characters , and , most peculiarly , the wit that comes along with it . 
and it 's not travolta , who does a great job here ( though never to be a truly memorable performance of his ) , but rather 
we see him suffering from a personal crisis , and travolta does do a pretty good job in depicting his change of heart , but in the end , we do n't fully believe it . 
hell , " a civil action " is even more sly and more witty 
la confidential is a dandy piece of filmmaking 
the look and feel of the movie is gorgeous . 
" l . a . confidential ' ' triumphantly achieves the rare gift of complexity and coherence while satisfying our desire for a good old - fashioned movie . 
the dialogue is rich and memorable . 
absorbing and affecting , this movie has all the necessary ingredients to create a terrific gourmet serving of film noir . 
the entire cast is crisp and wonderful to watch 
altogether good performances were put in by all the cast and the director blended everything marvelously with the necessary special effects to create a good movie . 
a movie well worth seeing if you are up for some lighthearted and witty humor 
both the action and the comedy beautifully . 
both roles complemented each other very well and the script seemed to be written for these two actors . 
the dialogue is witty to say the least . 
the computer graphics in this movie are spectacular , they make you want to believe that aliens like the ones depicted exits . 
buck 's progressive 
michael wincott offers the best performance as the crazed killer and jewel thief joe . 
eddie murphy shines in this tailor - made role , and for once , his character shows depth and concern . 
an enjoyable two hours , metro is enjoyable , witty , action - packed , and fun , and makes for a great action movie that 's perfect for all of us 
what i do know , though , is that although metro is basically a typical action retread , it manages to cover new ground and shed new light on tired old cliches ' . 
a scene involving a cable car has to be seen to be believed , and boasts some amazing car stunts . 
the film is a triumph , and an entertaining one at that . 
an enjoyable two hours , metro is enjoyable , witty , action - packed , and fun , and makes for a great action movie that 's perfect for all of us 
, this film is still one heck of an explosive ride . 
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " hearts in atlantis " is a wistful , enigmatic 8 , evolving with subtle power to an emotionally effective catharsis . 
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " hearts in atlantis " is a wistful , enigmatic 8 , evolving with subtle power to an emotionally effective catharsis . 
the production values and performances are solid , particularly hopkins - arguably the finest , most versatile actor of our era - and the children with whom he forges a firm bond . 
it is a fine film , with a thoughtful and insightful screenplay by clara law and husband eddie ling - ching fong , and some superb acting by a cast consisting almost exclusively of non - actors ( special note is to be made of cecilia fong sing lee , annette shun wah , and a short but dazzling performance by an actress who portrayed gar ming 's girlfriend from vancouver ) . 
it is a fine film , with a thoughtful and insightful screenplay by clara law and husband eddie ling - ching fong , and some superb acting by a cast consisting almost exclusively of non - actors ( special note is to be made of cecilia fong sing lee , annette shun wah , and a short but dazzling performance by an actress who portrayed gar ming 's girlfriend from vancouver ) . 
among the dramatic threads of floating life , this is perhaps the most effective and engaging , with an interesting set of characters and a storyline which generates a genuine emotional punch . 
and , in dramatic terms , is certainly the highlight of floating life . 
among the dramatic threads of floating life , this is perhaps the most effective and engaging , with an interesting set of characters and a storyline which generates a genuine emotional punch . 
a compelling , at times poignant film 
to wayne wang 's acutely unsubtle the joy luck club - but despite the director 's rather clear attempts to tug at the heartstrings , i could n't help but be touched by a powerful and affecting soliloquy delivered masterfully by cecilia fong sing lee which truly packs an emotional wallop 
critique : a clever , quirky , original french flick set in a picturesque paris , featuring an endearing lead with a giant imagination , much loneliness and a little bit of love for everyone . 
granted , the english subtitles got a little tough to keep up with at times ( i speak and understand french also , but some of the local colloquialisms went over my head ) , especially since the film 's visuals were so intriguing 
note : i especially loved the way that the script detailed and showed the loves / hates of everyone with exact mentions in the film . 
it does n't pretend to be deep , it does n't weigh itself down with long expositions or intricate studies of its characters , it 's basically just a " cute movie " in the same vein as chocolat and pay it forward , with some amazing visuals and incredibly nice intentions ( and if chocolat was somehow able to nab an oscar nomination for best picture last year ( a sham on so many different levels ) , you might as well slap this film up for consideration also , since it 's quite a bit better and much more original than the former ) . 
it does n't pretend to be deep , it does n't weigh itself down with long expositions or intricate studies of its characters , it 's basically just a " cute movie " in the same vein as chocolat and pay it forward , with some amazing visuals and incredibly nice intentions ( and if chocolat was somehow able to nab an oscar nomination for best picture last year ( a sham on so many different levels ) , you might as well slap this film up for consideration also , since it 's quite a bit better and much more original than the former ) . 
the lead , audrey tautou , is perfect for the role , and gives you enough moments of truth to develop her character into someone that you care about by the end of the film . 
on the whole , it 's a lot of fun and it carries a beautiful message of love and support for your fellow man . 
the film is quite talky and slow moving , and so it is pretty safe to say it is n't for those who are only a fan of action movies , but is a treat for those viewers who often like to venture outside of the big - budget genre and see a good art film . 
this is the first film by acclaimed director eric rohmer ( 1969 's " my night at mauds , " and 1971 's " claire 's knee " ) that i have seen , but his direction is assured and intelligent , as is the screenplay , which he also wrote . 
eric rohmer 's " pauline at the beach , " is one of those small , deliberately paced , but charming foreign films in which not much happens plot wise , but a lot happens to the characters emotionally . 
" pauline at the beach , " is a film worth seeing . 
this is one of the best surprises of this season -- a sweet , small budget comedy with a big heart 
after a rather disappointing " mary railly " , stephen frears is now officially back in business with a comeback worthy of praise . 
it is as much a musical film as anything else , as rob 's journey is wonderfully portrayed through carefully inserted musical fragments . 
the other members of the cast do an equally remarkable job . 
his interpretation feels so emotionally right , so incredibly realistic and precise 
this is such an impressive achievement that it 's almost worth 
he is simply superb . 
however , the most unexpected pleasant surprises is provided by todd louiso who delivers a spectacular comic performance as rob 's co - worker and friend dick . 
this is one of the best surprises of this season -- a sweet , small budget comedy with a big heart 
stanley kubrick would be proud ! 
but overall , this film is yet another great example of the horror genre making a very cool comeback this year with no tight tanktops in sight . 
another great thing about it is that it 's actually very gory and somewhat violent in theme , and yet we rarely see anything of the sort on the big screen ( it 's mostly implied , kids ! ) . 
in fact , that 's one of the greater things about this movie : it feels real because it looks like it 's actually taped on video with very credible actors in very credible circumstances ( i did some research 
then this movie is definitely for you ! 
hedwig and the angry inch " is a gender - bending glam - rock spectacular packed with great songs . 
do n't let this slip out of town without seeing it . 
hedwig and the angry inch " surrounds a weird , funny and touching story with a knockout series of songs performed by an exceptional cast . 
writer - director - star john cameron mitchell and composer - lyricist stephen trask have cooked up a real winner . 
as always , " sctv " veteran andrea martin is a welcome presence 
does fine work as yitzhak , hedwig 's lover and bandmate , conveying a great deal through expressions alone . 
hedwig and the angry inch " surrounds a weird , funny and touching story with a knockout series of songs performed by an exceptional cast . 
everything is propelled by one terrific song after another 
unfortunately , the matrix does n't provide many answers to the questions it raises , but at least it puts some ideas behind all the explosions , shoot - outs , and flying roundhouse kicks . perhaps stealing the entire show in the matrix is australian actor hugo weaving , who plays agent smith , the leader of the creepy agents in sunglasses and suits who seem capable of being anywhere and doing anything to stop neo and friends from destabilizing the matrix . 
the film features some truly breathtaking special effects and stylish cinematography . 
it 's an uncanny blend of action and surreal fantasy that borrows from dozens of other films ( most obviously the terminator films , star wars , and total recall ) , but remains refreshingly original and interesting throughout 
the matrix is an fun , enjoyable diversion , like a big puff of cotton candy at a carnival . 
goran visnjic , best known from the tv drama " er , " is striking as a blackmailer unlike any you 've seen before . 
the deep end " is an exceptional film and tilda swinton is the best part of it . 
but the star of this show , without a doubt , is the remarkable tilda swinton . 
the deep end " is an exceptional film and tilda swinton is the best part of it . 
the acting is up to pace and some of the performances quite funny , the screenplay is witty and smart , and the whole story is sweet and cute . 
" deuce bigalow " is a good - natured film worth all the merit it can get . 
the acting is up to pace and some of the performances quite funny , the screenplay is witty and smart , and the whole story is sweet and cute . 
the directing by mike mitchell is fantastic and shows he took time on the film . 
the screenplay by harris goldberg and rob schneider himself is a smart , clever and witty screenplay that seems to have been written with care to make is so hilariously funny . 
a fast paced , entertaining sweet and hilarious comedy 
it is n't any kind of cinematic classic , but it 's a very very funny comedy that keeps us entertained until the end credits which themselves are funny too . 
the acting is up to pace and some of the performances quite funny , the screenplay is witty and smart , and the whole story is sweet and cute . 
with non - stop laughs an a abundence of crude humor 
the acting is up to pace and some of the performances quite funny , the screenplay is witty and smart , and the whole story is sweet and cute . 
do n't try to be one of those people who make so much of a film that they do not like it , just sit back , laugh and enjoy the movie . 
running time : 88 minutes " deuce bigalow : male gigolo " is simply a hilarious good - natured comedy that may offend some , but underneath all it 's crude humor and sexual content is a sweet little love story that is surprisingly involving . 
ashley judd is such a talented and beautiful actress that she is a hero in a sort in this movie . 
. s and to me that 's what it was . 
, it has a surprising sense of humor and a big dose of heart , along with heart - pounding suspense and twists and turns here and there 
it moved at a fast pace , has suspense , humor , heart and great acting 
but as i viewed ' double jeopardy ' i found that it was a great movie 
, it has a surprising sense of humor and a big dose of heart , along with heart - pounding suspense and twists and turns here and there 
the characters are well - realized and believable 
i loved it . 
the movie is highly stylized and extremely well - made . 
whatever happens the film was excellent to me . 
it certainly is a really good movie . 
both give excellent performances . 
i found the writing well - written as well as the acting was great . 
the nuances of the character are brought out well by drew barrymore and from watching the movie it seems like she had fun making the movie . 
the actual story is fairly predictable since it is after all the basic story of cinderella , but there are more than enough twists in how the story is told to make it interesting and enjoyable . 
the acting is of high caliber and seems deserved of praise . 
the characters of danielle ( cinderella ) played by drew barrymore , and that of the evil step mother , played by anjelica huston , are well developed and well played by the two women . 
the acting is of high caliber and seems deserved of praise . 
so although the story is basically familiar the world it is set in is not , and that adds a dimension to the film which in this humble reviewers opinion makes it worth seeing 
but , anjelica huston seems to add a certain flair to the role that makes it suit the movie nearly perfectly . 
a film that breaks stereotypes and creates a definite standard of its own , shrek can certainly endure as one for the ages . 
directors adam adamson and vicky jenson pace shrek in a consistent and satisfying manner , evenly distributing the lessons learned by the central characters . 
capping it off with a constant tongue - in - cheek feel that pokes fun at classic disney animated features , the fresh and entertaining screenplay delivers . 
on the technical side , shrek triumphs . 
thanks to brilliant voice work from mike myers ( shrek ) , eddie murphy ( donkey ) , and cameron diaz ( princess fiona ) . 
while the direction and voice work certainly elevate shrek , the ultimate factor in the film succeeding lies in the screenplay , written by ted elliott , terry rossio , joe stillman , and roger s . 
although rampant moments of hilarity dot shrek , the true charm of the film lies in the bold elements of friendship , courage , and acceptance , excelled by outstanding direction , stunning actor voice work , and most importantly , a witty screenplay with more going on than meets the eye . 
cameron diaz exudes charisma and innocence as fiona , giving the princess / ogre a sense of power that many female characters in animated films lack . 
the script never underestimates the intelligence of the viewer , combining the three previously spoken of elements with humor for adults and children alike . 
with shrek , dreamworks executive jeffrey katzenberg has certainly one - upped himself by creating an instant animated classic that will live on for ages to come . 
this leads one to believe that this serves as the prologue to shrek , dreamworks ' second computer animated feature , but in a pricelessly hilarious bit of cinema , a page of this tale serves as that ogre 's toilet paper . 
" ( he was the stoner with the joker - smile ) , while hayek simply sizzles , especially when leading a dance class with the mantra , " one , two , three , attitude ! 
that " 54 " works despite these limitations , then , is largely due to the competence and energy with which it 's assembled 
meyer exhibits the congenial appeal that made him a delight to watch in " clueless 
the film boasts some fine comic creativity , the pinnacle of which is disco dottie ( " the wedding singer 
as the droopy - eyed , drug - addled steve rubell , myers is worth the price of admission alone . 
that " 54 " works despite these limitations , then , is largely due to the competence and energy with which it 's assembled 
the acting throughout primary colors is superb . 
emma thompson delivers a strong performance as his suffering wife who ca n't let anything show that might hurt the presidential run . 
republicans , democrats , and political agnostics should all be able to find something to like in primary colors . 
she enlivens the atmosphere with energy in a truly boisterous performance . 
the effects are still decent though . 
it drags a bit towards the end with robocop wanting to finish everybody off , but plot twists keep it exciting . 
the plot of this movie generally runs at a decent pace . 
this is an artful , distinctively gorgeous production , shot in dark , moody hues and featuring some elaborate , beautiful scenery . 
elicits wonderful performances from both cruise and kidman . 
nicole projects a quiet intensity as the jittery yet aggressive wife and her performance is stunningly effective 
the movie has some help from a similarly strong supporting cast , at the head of which is director - cum - thespian sidney pollock , enigmatic and articulate as harford 's mysterious friend . 
eyes wide shut is n't the masterpiece many were hoping to see in stanley kubrick 's final film , but it is an impressive achievement ; a mesmerizing , haunting , adult psychodrama about marriage , fidelity and sex . 
; it 's difficult to take your eyes off her onscreen , and her chemistry with harrelson is dead - on . 
larry flynt is certainly among the very best studio - released films of 1996 , and works both as a ringing political statement about the importance of freedom of speech and the depths to which larry flynt would go to advance the cause of free expression , and as a touching love story . 
woody harrelson is entirely engaging in what must be certainly a career - topping performance as the irrepressible larry flynt . 
larry flynt , is a vastly entertaining ( if not particularly enlightening ) biopic of hustler publisher and self - made millionaire larry flynt , who became an unlikely champion of freedom of speech rights in the united states in the late 1970s and early 1980s . 
it 's a very solid performance , brash and naturalistic , and love is extremely compelling 
larry flynt is surprisingly and wonderfully light - hearted and humourous . 
harrelson plays flynt with the right mixture of outrageousness and confident stubborness to make him endearing and entirely sympathetic to the audience , and a very compelling protagonist for the film . 
milos forman keeps the film moving - although it runs over two hours , it never drags - and his direction of the film is very effective , eliciting a great deal of empathy for a subject which could be construed by some as extremely sordid and unsympathetic . 
there 's also a great visual technique which forman uses to indicate the passing of time in one shot , which is both clever and extremely entertaining . 
there 's also a great visual technique which forman uses to indicate the passing of time in one shot , which is both clever and extremely entertaining . 
there 's a scene where flynt tenderly takes his ill wife on a ride on his wheelchair that is heartbreaking . 
you can now sign me up as president of the robert mitchum fan club . 
any actor who wants to play a character with a touch of evil should study his performance the way a rabbinical student studies the torah . and credit must be handed out to laughton and cinematographer stanley cortez , who create a series of haunting , surreal shadowy images over the rural depression - era backdrop . 
does a beautiful job giving shape and substance to an array of supporting characters : the drunk birdie ( james gleason ) who 's haunted by his wife , and the spoons ( evelyn varden and walt spoon ) whose marriage has become a verbal vaudeville act . 
it 's a testament to both men that they 're able to invigorate what has become a hackneyed storyline ( kids harassed by evil guardians ) by sticking to the old maxim that we 're more scared by what we do n't see . 
seeing the night of the hunter for the first time , i was amazed at how much it crackled with wicked wit and fright and how much intensity was intact . 
stephanie black is also intelligent in how she chooses to disclose the problems faced by the locals . 
this strong , sparse storytelling approach runs throughout the film . 
" this engages a viewer to see and think about devastation instead of merely being told it is there . 
the voiceover is written by acclaimed author jamaica kincaid . 
very rarely have i seen such determination to perfect his role as washington has done here . if only the other actors had this same determination . 
he is that amazing . 
the powerful expressions of denzel washington alone , as his tortured carter , sum up the troubles of racism in america 's history . 
this perhaps may be washington 's very best to date . 
but if you 've ever felt the urge to overcome your fear of the bard , this hamlet is an excellent place to start . 
it is zeffirelli 's genius , however , that he is able to expose the romantic core of hamlet and give the sometimes dry tale an emotional embrace . 
his movements and gestures ( excepting his sometimes too active eyes ) are totally in keeping with the character . 
by and large the rest of the cast performs admirably and comfortably 
what seemed like a cheap way to sell tickets at the time turned out to be one of the most romantic gestures of all , namely , hiring then - reigning hollywood hunk mel gibson to play the lead . who could believe that the man who made his mark playing mad max and a " lethal weapon " ( in the series of the same name ) would have the skill to succeed in the most famous role in the english language ? 
both support the realistic mood marvelously 
, strikes again with another wonderful tale that pleases the eyes as well as the inner kid in you . 
the voicework here is pretty top - level . 
there 's some great action sequences here as well , including a wonderfully done chase between tarzan , jane , and the aforementioned babboons . 
the movie is superb throughout , mixing a great script with incredible computer - assisted visuals . 
there 's some great action sequences here as well , including a wonderfully done chase between tarzan , jane , and the aforementioned babboons . 
this is easily one of disney 's best animated films of the decade 
the movie is superb throughout , mixing a great script with incredible computer - assisted visuals . 
one of the funniest carry on movies and the third with a medical setting . 
sid james has a slightly ambiguous character to play this time and he excels in his role . 
the jokes are mostly very funny , the story is quite appealing , and the regulars seem interested in what they 're doing . 
the performances are all very commendable . 
both jacques and windsor play their parts well 
although it is another medical carry on movie and some of the jokes are borrowed from previous movies , it still comes out on top 
a must - see carry on movie . 
the same holds true for his most recent film , " the gingerbread man , " which reinvents a genre that has developed at an exponential rate over the last five years : the john grisham movie . 
while " the gingerbread man " is n't in league with altman 's greatest works like " nashville " ( 1975 ) or " the player " ( 1992 ) , it is nonetheless a solid piece of genre filmmaking , which may prove a successful vehicle to restart his somewhat lagging career . 
a great deal of the credit for the film 's success can be given to the actors , especially branagh , who rarely works outside of period pieces and his own direction . 
the supporting actors also put in fine performances , including embeth davidtz , who is probably best known for her heart - breaking role as the jewish maid in " schindler 's list " ( 1993 ) . 
instead we get a sharp , biting satire that takes no prisoners and leaves no conservative point of view unscathed . 
the distinctively low - tech " cardboard " animation is oddly effective , even more so than the state of the art " deep canvas " technique aptly demonstrated in the recent tarzan . 
parker and stone have outdone themselves to the point where i am forced to ask : must the show go on ? ? 
apparently , too , if terrence and phillip are executed it will be the final sign of the apocalypse and satan can emerge from the deepest bowels of the underground kingdom to rule the earth . aside from being a brilliant satire , south park is also an all - stops - out musical , with unforgettable numbers like " shut your f 
almost invariably it 's funny stuff : often juvenile but always funny . 
it 's intelligent but delivered in a sophomoric manner 
" final destination " is one exhilarating , exciting ride . 
hands down to the first film in years that has actually scared me . 
series " the x - files , " is a movie with wonderful ideas , and executes them effortlessly . 
the intensity and unpredictability of the film never fades , because you do n't know when death is coming . 
the cast is surprisingly effective and up to par ; the best ensemble in this genre since " scream . 
you 've got one compelling and disturbing documentary . 
while this film is n't for the feeble - minded or weak - hearted , it is a valuable addition to the cultural landscape . aside from a few dragging minutes toward the end of the piece , morris has given us a fresh look at a dismal subject and i , for one , feel bettered by the experience . 
vaults to new heights with mr . 
a well written , devilish satire that is funny , sexy and original 
this film is such a pleasant surprise . 
stacy title does a wonderful job directing . 
when friends ask me to recommend a movie , this is usually the first one i think of . 
i am not saying that this is my favorite movie ( although it is in my top ten ) , but because the film was such a wonderful surprise 
its sincerity and charm carry it a very , very long way 
this is one to see again and again 
barrymore seems perfect along side him , and although the two more likely represent gen - x moronism and party - girl ditzism ( respectively ) , the two go together like bread and butter as a mid - eighties couple . 
sandler shows a new side to himself while maintaining all his original charm 
one scene in particular , where julia ponders the future in a mirror , is so well done , i was on the verge of tears . 
it 's hilarious , and it 's touching . 
i 'm encouraging everyone to go see it 
sandler is great in his role , and yes , if you allow it , you can take him seriously . 
it 's like bowfinger , only , you know , good . 
overall , the ride is fantastic ; it 's one of water 's best films to date and this year 's fight club for filmmakers . 
overall , the ride is fantastic ; it 's one of water 's best films to date and this year 's fight club for filmmakers . 
the voice talents are brilliant as well , with the comic genius mike myers . 
i must say i was not disappointed at all , and the film is the best of 2001 so far , and will go down on my best of 2001 list at the end of the year . 
see this movie now . 
" shrek " is such an amazing film , that while watching it you ca n't help but just smile the entire time and wonder why that other production company ca n't make movies like this . 
the animated graphics are so great , that they look every bit of realistic . 
now in 2001 dreamworks has released what i can safely name , one of the top five best animated films . 
i must say i was not disappointed at all , and the film is the best of 2001 so far , and will go down on my best of 2001 list at the end of the year . 
in the end , " shrek " gives a very important message 
i was so amazed by the computer graphics , that you ca n't help but just start looking at backgrounds . 
believe me though , everyone will be laughing the entire way through 
she does a great job as well . 
for all intents and purposes it is a bad movie ( though bad in a really good sort of way ) , but sumptuous production design and a great deal of incredibly catchy songs really help to increase the likability of the film . 
25 years later , this film is still the pinnacle of cult filmdom and is continuously screened at midnight all over the world . 
for all intents and purposes it is a bad movie ( though bad in a really good sort of way ) , but sumptuous production design and a great deal of incredibly catchy songs really help to increase the likability of the film . 
in this age of cynicism , it 's refreshing to see a movie so upbeat . 
there are no loose ends , and virtually every character gets a happy ending 
" magic town " is a delightfully entertaining motion picture . 
he 's great in the film , as usual . 
still , smith keeps the zingers coming at a sufficiently rapid pace . among the actors , fiorentino and rickman stand out by far . 
some parts are very funny 
jarmusch , through rapper / composer rza , underscores his film with rap and reggae music , which at first blush seems dichotomous , but its primal rhythms serve to strengthen the fundamental nature of the movie . 
the fact that whitaker can convey such a wide range of emotion through a gesture or look is a remarkable talent . 
the movie rises beyond standard conventions to become a meditation on the concepts of honor and loyalty . 
almost everyone praised the actors . 
the result is reasonably engaging and suspenseful , with the girls ' interaction , hank 's investigation , and the various trials and hearings , offering hope for their release , delivering tension -- as does the foredoomed possibility of their escape . 
this is a fine film . 
it 's definitely one of those " must see " movies and should be considered one of the classics of its decade . 
deliverance is definitely a wild ride 
that is okay though , because the film is still very much fun 
the plot of i still know turns out to be a pretty good one 
the cinematography and setting of their island are simply wonderful . 
jennifer love hewitt and brandy turn in respectable performances . 
still , it 's easier to be forgiving of superficial flaws when the backbone is so solid . 
sean penn is even better , turning in his best performance to date as kleinfeld . 
the two principle characters held an iron grip on my attention , one 
he has latched on to a solid story and brought out dynamite performances from pacino and sean penn . 
it is an incredibly successful comedy , the ratio of laughs to intended jokes much higher than in most films . 
the characters are firmly established , and they never change their behavior for a quick , cheap laugh . 
all around , the big lebowski is great , solid comedy . 
the part of jeff " the dude " lebowski was reportedly written specifically with bridges in mind , and the fit is perfect . 
i 've never been a huge fan of jeff bridges , but i loved him in the big lebowski . 
comedy is perhaps the most subjective of genres , so take my recommendation as you will : for me , the big lebowski is very funny . 
, it 's who they are , which is why the acting is so important , and so successful , in this movie . 
not only are the two leads ( bridges and goodman ) funny separately and together , but each supporting character is a refreshing comic figure . 
outstanding acting , writing , direction and photography all combine to make this a great comic success . 
despite star trek : insurrection 's frequent comic goofiness and occasional substandard special effects , i enjoyed the film . 
the beautiful setting of this movie , with its snowy mountaintops and verdant valleys , steals the show . 
star trek : insurrection infuses a basic science fiction premise , humanity 's exploration and colonization of space , with a lot of lowbrow humor and witty oneliners . 
the terrific actor patrick stewart plays captain jean - luc picard and delivers a moral speech , picard 's trademark , with his usual aplomb . 
the acting in star trek : insurrection is , for the most part , pretty good . 
" back to the future part ii " is a really great adventure movie . 
the films ' best aspect is the fact that it actually goes back to the first movie and shows a lot of the action that occurred from another angle . 
this is truly adventurous filmmaking 
it is affecting and layered and wonderful . 
despite magnolia 's needlessly long running time and its propensity for uneven editing as anderson plays the auteur , showing off fro the masses , i have to admire his guts . 
what 's surprising is that it mostly works . 
there is not one bad note in the acting . 
toback fills the spaces between these tirades with scenes that are lightweight and funny . 
black & white is a fascinating film 
" fortunately , there is more to this movie than this somewhat sheer plot . 
the acting is good 
silly , but riotous at times , this is an excellent movie even better than the original . 
in the big picture , this movie is just plain fun . 
there is lots of intelligent humor that makes this film special . 
the wit and humor in this film are surprisingly intelligent and fresh 
, for this sort of movie , but there are some very bright spots . 
james woods gives an outstanding performance 
the script is clever and funny , with many lines that make us laugh out loud . 
it 's held up by some good performances and dazzling special effects leading up to an ending that 's pretty satisfying 
it 's held up by some good performances and dazzling special effects leading up to an ending that 's pretty satisfying 
' vampires ' is a good horror flick with no scares but plenty of other content to please the viewer . 
jackie has developed his knack for physical comedy into a sort of mastery over the years , and he 's in fine form all through drunken master ii . as far as cinematography is concerned , it certainly works for this film . 
under normal circumstances , the idea of someone staggering around looking sloshed but managing to fight effectively and even incredibly might seem rather stupid , but jackie pulls it off with flair . 
having said that , i must now turn right around and say that drunken master ii is a remarkable exception to all or most of the above , is one of the better martial arts films i 've seen , and i quite enjoyed it . 
having said that , i must now turn right around and say that drunken master ii is a remarkable exception to all or most of the above , is one of the better martial arts films i 've seen , and i quite enjoyed it . 
even without motor vehicles ( well , not counting a train ) , there are some remarkable stunts in this film . 
if nothing else , the martial arts and stunt sequences are by themselves worth the price of admission or rental . 
jackie chan is a genius . 
if you like this kind of movie , you 'll love this movie , and if not , well , give it a chance anyway . 
the kung fu sequences are so intricate in their staging and execution that it is pointless to try to describe it on paper , so i 'll just say that the fights -- especially the big climactic fight at the end -- in themselves make the movie worth watching . 
well , for me at least . highly recommended . 
three kings ranks among the best films of the year , 
truly brilliant . 
the brilliance have to lie in the conception of this film ; 
they are carefully built to generate tension with just the right tight close - ups and pauses , right before the action starts . 
not john woo for sure but more of sergio leone 's spaghetti western style ( tons of them starring clint eastwood ) . great performances by clooney and wahlberg but 
although it runs out of steam towards its end , this live - action comedy still boasts enough energized slapstick and inventive set pieces to best disney 's entire 1997 non - animated , kiddie - oriented catalog . . . 
vicki lewis ( beth from " newsradio " ) is solid in a supporting role as lars ' money - grubbing wife . 
mouse hunt " may take a while to get going ( the rather lengthy set - up could test the patience of some of the younger children , although i rather liked it , much in part to lane and evans ) , and the climactic sequence is allowed to play out for a bit too long , but this appears to be one family movie that most members of the family will be able to find agreeable , not unlike the original " home alone . 
it 's lanky british comedian evans , whose hysterical bodily antics suggest a cleaned - up jim carrey without the obnoxious overkill ( note a toned - down but nonetheless outrageous impromptu striptease ) ; evans ' banter with the ever - affable lane is funny stuff , too , and holds its own against the movie 's more flashy physical shtick . 
a basically one - joke idea -- a mouse outsmarts a couple of bumbling humans -- is given a rather engaging execution . 
the splendid production design seems to be straight out of tim burton 's mind ; the smuntz 's architecturally - unsound mansion is like something straight out of " the nightmare before christmas , " and the vortex of bizarre machinery in their factory resembles some of vincent price 's warped contraptions from " edward scissorhands . " 
brown is particularly hilarious as osgood , as we are treated to the finest kind of comedic irony . 
it is the pinnacle of writer - director billy wilder 's career , a stunning feat considering the vast catalogue of films he had helped make . 
every set - piece is flawless , 
a miracle of filmmaking , " some like it hot " is a brilliant film , and maybe the foremost example of slapstick comedy brought to screen with clever sight gags and plot twists . 
a miracle of filmmaking , " some like it hot " is a brilliant film , and maybe the foremost example of slapstick comedy brought to screen with clever sight gags and plot twists . 
he manages to use lemmon 's ingenious performance as a springboard for an even loonier performance as a completely eccentric millionaire . 
overall , o is a stylish and faithful adaptation . 
now comes o , a faithful retelling of one of the most tragic of shakespeare 's tragedies . 
plus his father , the team 's coach - played with a ferocious intensity by martin sheen - showers more love and concern on his star player than on his own flesh and blood . 
he also does quite well displaying odin 's darker side ; his defensive sensitivity about being the only black at the institution , his growing distrust of those he loved , his rage and the erosion of his belief system . 
the acting by everyone in the ensemble is outstanding , with special notices to irma p . hall and brandon hammond . 
however , this is just one magical moment in a movie filled with them . 
brandon hammond is an actor with a bright future . 
hall gives a performance that deserves to be recognized by the academy . 
every scene in the movie is purposeful and convincing 
soul food is one of the most purely entertaining movies of the year . 
the dialogue is beleiveable and funny . 
sean penn is always good , and he gives yet another credible performance as douglas ' brother . 
michael douglas gives a terrific performance as nicholas . 
deborah kara unger ( from " crash " ) is the waitress he bumps into , and her performance is extremely good 
director david fincher has such an eye for detail which is very rare in hollywood these days ( terry gilliam comes to mind as another one ) . 
the game is one of the most interesting and complex films to come out of hollywood in a long time . 
the detail involved in fincher 's shots is incredible and almost requires a second viewing just to appreciate the effort that went into them . 
and when they add a fascinating story to it , you have nearly perfect entertainment . 
douglas portrays this aspect of his character extremely well , and gives one of his best performances ( even better than his " falling down " persona ) . 
this screenplay will probably get an oscar nomination for best original screenplay because it does almost exactly the same thing the usual suspects ' did . 
this movie effectively juggles a thin romantic story line and the overall experience of the 1950 's , with a superb soundtrack and some great dance numbers . 
on the down side , some of the absolute innocence in this film might bore or turn people off ( like when sandy sings about " drinking lemonade " and " staying out until 10 " with danny in " summer nights " ) , and the plot is n't exactly the most elaborate story - line ever created , but despite these small reservations , this movie carries enough great music and high energy to keep anyone amused through its rapid 110 minute running time ( and believe me . . . 
but apart from the nostalgic vibe , i was still extremely impressed by this film , as it continued to amuse me , despite my previous dozen or so viewings . 
: fun - loving , energetic and innocent look back at times much simpler . 
make sure to look for a young lorenzo lamas in the static role of the brainless football player , as well as the national bandstand dance contest as one of the film 's absolute highlights . 
christian bale is perfectly cast as patrick bateman , a high powered yuppie who hides a terrible secret from his fianc ? 
i think this movie is destined for greatness as a cult film and deserves the spot it will take as such . 
other than the few flaws i have mentioned , american psycho is an incredibly entertaining film 
the movie continues to touch upon these things but makes more of a point to immerse us in bateman 's impending madness than to detail things as painstakingly as the novel does . as a result , the film is immensely more entertaining . 
to say bale runs away with the character is a vast understatement and he proves that he 's as adept at chewing scenery as al pacino or rod steiger . 
thankfully , it is watchable and harron and turner have made one of the most scathingly satirical films this side of south park : bigger , longer & uncut . 
the real draw here is christian bale and his over - the - top performance as patrick bateman . 
for once , a film has actually turned out to be better than the novel it was based on . 
the reason rounders still captures our attention is because it is less about the game of poker than it is about the personalities which enjoy and are slaves to it . 
we 're given a nice set of interesting characters with clear motivations , and good actors to play them . 
he 's both a friend and mentor to mike , and turturro 's low - key performance is totally convincing , just as john malkovich 's heavily - accented teddy kgb is imposing as an adversarial dragon mike must slay to prove himself . 
we 're given a nice set of interesting characters with clear motivations , and good actors to play them . 
the film is peppered nicely with scenes that both make you laugh and keep the pacing going , such as a sequence where mike and worm move rapidly around new york from one game to the next , in widely different locales . 
packed with great acting and great characters , rounders is a full house . 
john turturro , who amazes me with his acting range , tones it down in this film by playing joey knish , a virtual poker prodigy in his time who now plays the underground games to make rent and child support payments . 
a good thing about rounders is that it does n't get bogged down in the character development and statement making so much that it ca n't find time for humor . 
this guy has a knack for ' gothic ' comedy , and successfully transfers his macabre sense of humor onto the screen . 
yet , this movie is very appealing . 
the story moves well 
the result is 100 minutes worth of fun in the form of ewwwws and blechhhs , aaaahhhs and wows . 
smith is likeable and makes a great comic partner to jones ' straight man routine . 
rather , this is a stylishly offbeat sci - fi comedy that pokes fun at what the government always denies ? 
the look and feel of the movie is made even better with direction from barry sonnenfeld ( the addam 's family ) . 
and cameron diaz is perfect in her role for obvious reasons , but the actor who really grabs your attention is w . 
so daring , so brilliant and simply so enjoyable 
it is that good of a film . 
i feel no hesitation in saying that " there 's something about mary " is the best film that i will see all year . 
but which is harder ; making a great war film or having your audience laugh so hard that they ca n't breath for minutes at a time 
from the moment the credits started to roll at the end of the picture , there was no doubt in my mind that i had seen a masterpiece that will remain unsurpassed in the remaining months of 1998 . 
you see , the farrelly 's are truly gifted filmmakers . 
how could you possibly know that a film is so great that nothing you could possibly see in the future could beat it ? but after seeing the farrelly 's hilarious and surprisingly heartfelt masterwork , i now know what siskel was talking about . 
the performances here are also right on target . 
( the only real contender is " monty python and the holy grail " ) , and most certainly the most hilarious to come out all decade . 
in fact , this may even be the funniest film i 've ever had the pleasure of seeing 
and arguably just as surprising , the good - spirited film is no comedy , even if it does have humorous moments . 
a tour de force acting performance by duvall and a surprising and unrelentingly dedicated script makes for an outstanding and moving film . 
a tour de force acting performance by duvall and a surprising and unrelentingly dedicated script makes for an outstanding and moving film . 
although it probably could n't have ended any other way , the movie does wrap things up nicely . 
robert duvall not only gives a moving and realistic performance surely destined to receive an academy award nomination 
i 've never seen a movie in my life where everyone in it acts brilliantly . 
kim bassinger 's performance is also a revelation . 
such a breathtaking movie . 
the plot is full of twists and turns and some very clever sequences . 
after viewing this incredibly well directed , written and acted movie , i ca n't help but wonder - why ? 
the plot is full of twists and turns and some very clever sequences . 
the depth to the story and characters is truly astounding . 
pearce 's interogation of three seperate suspects is nothing short of brilliant . 
so then , we have 25 minutes of additional footage that 's turned a decent underwater thriller into something quite magnificent . 
but what ultimately makes the film so gripping is three intersecting plot strands 
nonetheless , the abyss : special edition now stands this somewhat maligned film among james cameron 's greatest achievements , alongside aliens and terminator 2 . see it and be moved , gripped and spellbound . 
the human drama is often riveting , with the principal players performing with an intensity that recalls the fine ensemble acting in cameron 's aliens . 
the stunts , hardware , special effects and underwater cinematography are all outstanding . 
nonetheless , the abyss : special edition now stands this somewhat maligned film among james cameron 's greatest achievements , alongside aliens and terminator 2 . see it and be moved , gripped and spellbound . 
the abyss : special edition is an improvement on the original film in two major respects . 
wild things is a film that succeeds in its endeavors , but i do n't just admire it for this -- i admire it for being so entertaining and such a fun time at the movies . 
wild things is a film that succeeds in its endeavors , but i do n't just admire it for this -- i admire it for being so entertaining and such a fun time at the movies . 
but i thought she did a great job acting 
wild things is n't even remotely plausible , but it is so fun to see where the story takes us that the implausibility of every scene is meaningless , and often invited , just for kicks . 
bacon does a good job acting 
each scene -- even the three - way sex scene -- is observed with hilarity by mcnaughton , and the result is a sleaze - fest that 's too smart to resist . 
neve campbell gives the most layered performance of all of them , though i wo n't pretend that any of these characters are deep and complex . 
no , richards is truly a find -- she is talented , and always convincing in this film . 
it 's filled with great performances , graphic sex , three - way sex , rape charges , double - crosses , plot twists , genitalia of all genders , graphic violence , death , witty humor , and , best of all , denise richards . criticizing this film for being disgusting , raucous , and just plain wrong is as fundamentally pointless as criticizing citizen kane for being disturbing , or titanic for being lofty and epic . 
i typically enjoy myself when sitting through that eszterhaz , sex - filled cinematic tabloid - ish trash . 
every scene she 's in demands attention in a way that almost no other performer can . 
wild things is the best sleazy film i 've ever seen 
so trashy it 's funny , and so entertaining it 's painful . i loved it . 
dillon is as suave as ever 
i mean that as a compliment , so have high expectations . pros : animation and sound are a feast for the senses , story is lighthearted , breezy and not dumbed - down , no stupid sing - along songs to get stuck in your head . 
i mean that as a compliment , so have high expectations . pros : animation and sound are a feast for the senses , story is lighthearted , breezy and not dumbed - down , no stupid sing - along songs to get stuck in your head . 
i mean that as a compliment , so have high expectations . pros : animation and sound are a feast for the senses , story is lighthearted , breezy and not dumbed - down , no stupid sing - along songs to get stuck in your head . 
review : disney continues its trend of producing animated summer blockbuster movies meant mostly for children but with enough wit and charm for adults to be interested and at least entertained by the story . 
there 's also a lot of fun action such as tarzan 's swinging through the jungle on vines and sliding down and around tree branches and trunks . 
i mean that as a compliment , so have high expectations . pros : animation and sound are a feast for the senses , story is lighthearted , breezy and not dumbed - down , no stupid sing - along songs to get stuck in your head . 
* * 1/2 : very good sound , picture and seats ] title : ` tarzan ' beautiful to look at , easy to follow 
dreams " is both visually and tellingly beautiful . 
this film brims with imagination , containing a lush imagery that shows the arcadia that is heaven and the bitterness and frightfulness 
and i was surprised by how much i enjoyed this film . 
the storytelling is purposeful and well constructed . 
the journey is imaginative . 
one of france 's most expensive productions ever , the movie was a huge hit when it opened there last year . 
with his glistening eyes and his infectious smile , he mesmerizes the camera and the audience . 
the movie , on the other hand , can be trusted to deliver a high old time . 
the radiantly lovely sandrine kiberlain plays marie - therese , the real love of beaumarchais 's life . 
the disorganization of the play still comes through at some points in the movie , but the actors smooth it over with their good - hearted style . 
now in theatrical release in the united states , it eschews the seriousness of most art house films with a romping good story . 
warm and intimate cinematography provides a nice accompaniment to jean - marc kerdelhue 's lush but realistic looking sets . 
jean - claude petit 's music , especially the hauntingly lovely flute solos , make for an enchanting time at the movies . 
the movie 's gritty bladerunner / robocop look is a joy to behold . 
the movie successfully captures the film noir look and bleak , gloomy atmosphere of such batman comic books as " the dark knight returns " and " the killing joke . 
on one hand , nicholson 's joker is extremely funny . 
the sets , costumes , and make - up are stunning and worthy of oscar nominations . 
a knockout nothing short of a triumph for director tim burton and his production team . 
nicholson deserves the top billing he is receiving in the posters and opening credits since his astounding , oscar - worthy performance as the joker is the highlight of batman . 
production designer anton furst 's sets are a wonder . 
while batman may not completely absorb and excite you , it will likely impress you with its success at bringing to life the style and spirit of the batman comic books . 
he is convincing as the tormented millionaire , bruce wayne , and beneath his hard , black body armor , he is mysterious and formidable as the batman . 
burton 's film is a feast for the eyes ; the $ 35 million budget is definitely on the screen . 
thanks to its distinctive look , the movie like a good comic book transports us to another world . 
( ask yourself if a species like this seems capable of carrying out such a plot ) ; these sequences of insect warfare are numerous , bloody and immensely satisfying . 
the creature design and special effects are amazing as expected , and their interaction with the human actors are a realistic , imaginative high point . 
the creature design and special effects are amazing as expected , and their interaction with the human actors are a realistic , imaginative high point . 
casting " doogie howser " star neil patrick harris as mind - reading military intelligence is only one of the guilty pleasures of " starship troopers , " a hugely entertaining , mega - budgeted sci - fi yarn directed by paul verhoeven , who 's making quite a recovery from his 1995 g - string epic " showgirls . 
once we get past the campy character introductions and the numerous ( but never boring ) training sessions , " starship troopers " really kicks into high gear . 
most memorable of them all is patrick mcgoohan , whose cold , calculated and evil medieval monarch is one of the most effective villains seen in contemporary cinema . 
however , even when we apply such criteria braveheart is more than decent historical epic that takes new and refreshing approach to the genre . 
from the technical point of view , the film is also very good . 
brendan gleeson ( who would later become famous for his role in boorman 's general ) is also very good 
however , even when we apply such criteria braveheart is more than decent historical epic that takes new and refreshing approach to the genre . 
mel gibson as an actor is truly wonderful , and he is also helped by small army of very good british and irish actors . 
mel gibson as an actor is truly wonderful , and he is also helped by small army of very good british and irish actors . 
in the end , whether the audience is patient enough to discover hidden meanings or simply wants to enjoy entertaining historical epic , braveheart is more than adequate choice for all fans of this recently resurrected genre . 
but the best performance belongs to jude law , who steals every scene 
the acting from everyone is great , with thurman giving a wonderfully cold performance , and hawke creating a character who has been beaten down by the system but has found a new sense of optimism by a bitter man who was willing to give it out anyway ( interesting pointless fact : 
probably the best i 've seen this year : it 's stunning , very pleasing to the eye , but still very cold . 
i dug it so much . 
an accurate portrayal of flynt would have made a more difficult film to watch , but a richer one . despite its flaws , " flynt " is a fast moving , rousing movie with some terrific acting , especially by courtney love , whose vibrant performance will likely garner an oscar nod 
both scenes were stirring , larger than life , richly entertaining , and felt totally like contrived set pieces for big hollywood movies . 
an exceptional actor , is wonderful as the beleaguered lawyer trying to navigate the legal system while dealing with flynt 's increasingly childish and bizarre behavior . 
the film is a wildly entertaining hoot which , despite being based on fact , feels like a big , phony hollywood movie . 
an accurate portrayal of flynt would have made a more difficult film to watch , but a richer one . despite its flaws , " flynt " is a fast moving , rousing movie with some terrific acting , especially by courtney love , whose vibrant performance will likely garner an oscar nod 
as such , " child 's play " is content to be just the short , typical horror film , but saves itself via a sense of humor and a nice quasi - campy feel that makes it much more enjoyable than the average short , typical horror film . 
the ending is rather fun , as well , albeit a tad too drawn - out ( about four different endings , maybe five ) , and the characters are more intelligent than the average horror film line - up , making them easier to sympathize with . if there 's one horrible thing about many horror films , it 's that the protagonists are morons who you ca n't help but shout obscenities at , and for the most part , " child 's play " steers away from that . 
a rather nifty premise , and 2 ) a sense of humor , both which save this from horror hell , which is precisely where , say , " i know what you did last summer " has recently gone . 
as such , " child 's play " is content to be just the short , typical horror film , but saves itself via a sense of humor and a nice quasi - campy feel that makes it much more enjoyable than the average short , typical horror film . 
even seeing it in the tiny , claustrophobic , and mechanically - challenged theatre at my college was n't the horribly dull experience i thought it would be , not just because of the nicely rowdy crowd ( which you almost need to watch a film like this - and if you do n't believe me , try and watch this flick by yourself one day ) , but because as a whole , this is n't a bad movie . 
the ending is rather fun , as well , albeit a tad too drawn - out ( about four different endings , maybe five ) , and the characters are more intelligent than the average horror film line - up , making them easier to sympathize with . if there 's one horrible thing about many horror films , it 's that the protagonists are morons who you ca n't help but shout obscenities at , and for the most part , " child 's play " steers away from that . 
the idea is a neat one , ripe for lots of comic terror , and luckily it utlizes a lot of that . 
without a doubt , this is the best comedy so far this year . 
she is very capable , knows how direct a comedy , the correct camera movements it instill laughs , etc . 
the plot was quite thin , but it really was n't that noticeable , because of the rapid - fire jokes that myers wrote in . 
how well they were able to keep the laughs going for the virtually the whole film , with the exception of the ending . 
acting : as in many comedies , the acting is n't really * that * important . however , myers turns in a good performance as wayne , playing the character perfectly , ( although i still liked him better back on much music , in a more " canadian " type of mode . ) 
acting : as in many comedies , the acting is n't really * that * important . however , myers turns in a good performance as wayne , playing the character perfectly , ( although i still liked him better back on much music , in a more " canadian " type of mode . ) 
extremely witty throughout , although ( as in hot shots ) it got a bit repetitive in the middle . 
but surely it is partially responsible for its power . 
some of the best scenes and lines that come to mind . 
the rapid succession of all those 8 mm , 16 mm , 35 mm images from various perspectives with a soundtrack sometimes in sync and sometimes out of sink instills a skittish , frenetic mood . 
she 's so unique . 
pryce is an awesome villain , being slimy and lovable at the same time . 
the acting , from most around is great . 
yeoh is notable since she 's so active , and has great chemistry with brosnan . 
) guy named stamper ( goetz otto ) , who is pretty awesome , although a bit stiff ( well , mostly his posture , really ) . 
while it 's not one of the best , like " goldfinger " or " from russia with love , " " tomorrow never dies " is nonetheless a truly awesome installment , even if not being as fully amazing as some of the better ones . 
this sometimes - tedious and often - moving documentary charts the life and times of anne frank , the young diarist and most - famous victim of adolph hitler . 
successfully combines these clips , footage , and other historical records to recount exactly what happened during that terrible period of european history . 
winner of the last year 's academy award for best documentary . 
he creates fascinating , complex characters , especially dr . 
sayles also maintains a strong sense of authenticity by filming everything on location in mexico , using all latin american actors , and having all the dialogue spoken in either spanish or native indian dialects . 
sayles knows how to bring a location to life , whether it be an early twentieth - century coal mining town in " matewan " ( 1987 ) or a contemporary texas / mexico bordertown in " lone star " ( 1996 ) . 
in fact , most of this film 's structure is very creative , the actors , all solid , the atmosphere and " feel " of the picture , remarkably real 
but it 's also an impressive mystery film , based on the true - life tale of jack the ripper , a man whose identity was never discovered . 
overall , this is an extremely creepy production , with glorious cinematography 
critique : awesome ! 
( reminiscent of coppola 's dracula and burton 's sleepy hollow ) , a grim score and solid acting . 
the hughes brothers are back with a vengeance , out to show the world that they are directors to be taken seriously , and this movie , my friends . 
but that aside , you got ta give up the props to actor extraordinaire johnny depp , who once again possesses the strength in character and flawless acting abilities , to center this movie all the way through . 
in fact , most of this film 's structure is very creative , the actors , all solid , the atmosphere and " feel " of the picture , remarkably real 
but that aside , you got ta give up the props to actor extraordinaire johnny depp , who once again possesses the strength in character and flawless acting abilities , to center this movie all the way through . 
so yes , i really dug this movie ! 
the theory in this film is based on the graphic novel " from hell " written by alan moore and presents a compelling story , which despite being a little oliver stone - ish , did manage to tie up all of its loose ends quite nicely , and present us with an entertaining bowl of mayhem , sexual depravity , drug usage , insanity , murders and love ? 
( got ta love those " unfortunates " ) , and the descent into darkness , well honed by the filmmakers . 
the cast also includes the terrific rachel weisz as a love interest for both vassili and danilov the set - up is decent , and so are the production values . boasting a wide range of grimy locales , greasy hair , and tattered costumes , the art direction prospers . 
the players are mostly good in their roles , although i do n't think ed harris was really trying . 
witness the wasted seventeen minutes that could have been spent elsewhere . reestablishing his title as the most beautiful ( and often talented ) man on film , jude law carries the movie . 
the cast also includes the terrific rachel weisz as a love interest for both vassili and danilov the set - up is decent , and so are the production values . boasting a wide range of grimy locales , greasy hair , and tattered costumes , the art direction prospers . 
thornton is absolutely brilliant in this performance , by far the best performance he 's ever given and further proof that he 's the best character actor in contemporary cinema ( if you do n't believe me , go back and watch his wonderful performance in " primary colors , " a performance that would have been nominated for an oscar if this had n't been in the same year ) because he 's easily able to slip into a character , and make him completely and utterly believable . 
it 's simple , yet strangely complex , and astonishingly rewarding , because instead of moving from plot point to plot point , and merely laying out they - might - be - caught overtones , it instead concerns itself with the moral corruption and depths of greed that its protagonists can go to , all without ever judging them as either evil or even immoral . 
but the film hardly stops here ; it follows completely through and rarely loses sight of its characters humanity and the depletion thereof . 
yet it also moves from step to step in such a graceful method that we never feel like the film is merely stamping out the plot points of the story . 
i particularly admired a back story about an old high school girlfriend , told by thornton with such sincerity and acception that the cruel story is reversed to near - sweetness and further strength of his saddened character . 
his dim - wittedness is often hilarious ( for most of the film , every line he uttered was greeted with howling laughter ) , but there 's authenticity to the performance that strangely enough makes sure that we 're not totally laughing at him . 
what i most admired about this film , and what makes this a far superior and unique thriller is that it 's successfully able to have its cake and eat it too . 
instead , raimi directs with maturity and a gentle touch , easily letting the story and characters co - exist , while still letting some of the more traditional raimi elements come out , like some offbeat comic touches . 
most particularly , billy bob thornton 's character , jacob , is a brilliant creation . 
) are just great . 
but despite my mere claims , make no mistake that i was completely and utterly edge of my seat throughout , and even sometimes curdling up by the situations that occured , not because of any kind of gore factor ( which is , thankfully for this , very minimal ) , but because the film places its characters in situations and gives them such painful things to overcome that i 've frankly not seen much like it in quite awhile . 
thornton is absolutely brilliant in this performance , by far the best performance he 's ever given and further proof that he 's the best character actor in contemporary cinema ( if you do n't believe me , go back and watch his wonderful performance in " primary colors , " a performance that would have been nominated for an oscar if this had n't been in the same year ) because he 's easily able to slip into a character , and make him completely and utterly believable . 
what i most admired about this film , and what makes this a far superior and unique thriller is that it 's successfully able to have its cake and eat it too . 
yet it 's almost as good . 
his dim - wittedness is often hilarious ( for most of the film , every line he uttered was greeted with howling laughter ) , but there 's authenticity to the performance that strangely enough makes sure that we 're not totally laughing at him . 
schrader very cleverly brings the idea that those two americas , actually , are n't so far away - nice example is a brilliant scene in which van dorn , already described as an authoritarian and paternalistic capitalist , meets sleazy porno producer ; the latter one also turns out to be authoritarian , paternalistic and very dedicated to this job . 
anyway , despite some flaws , hardcore remains very interesting and powerful piece of cinema . 
schrader very cleverly brings the idea that those two americas , actually , are n't so far away - nice example is a brilliant scene in which van dorn , already described as an authoritarian and paternalistic capitalist , meets sleazy porno producer ; the latter one also turns out to be authoritarian , paternalistic and very dedicated to this job . 
hardcore , on the other hand , might serve as precious document , because it depicts sex film industry in the period often regarded as the golden age by connoisseurs - before the advent of video , when many of the porno filmmakers could afford to think of themselves as artists . 
all said , fans will surely be impressed by this picture , and those who found apt pupil a bit limp will be excited by this one . certainly a worthwhile visit to the theaters . 
luckily , he 's got few lines , and manages to pull off a rather thrilling performance . 
both have their advantages , and here , carpenter 's style lends itself to a darker breed of suspense rather than the action movie that blade director stephen norrington delievered . 
griffith 's intense expression is perfect for the role , and the only downside is that he 's got to talk sometime . 
all said , fans will surely be impressed by this picture , and those who found apt pupil a bit limp will be excited by this one . certainly a worthwhile visit to the theaters . 
he 's a cynical , battle - worn veteran , and the best of his bunch . 
the script for vampires , written by don jakoby and based on the john steakley novel , is perhaps the wittiest piece of screenplay to see production all year . 
there was some question , as halloween weekend approached , of how well vampires would do in comparison to new line cinema 's immensely successful blade , released in august . 
baldwin , lee , and guinee are all fine supports , adding to the character pool , but the other true highlight of the movie is thomas ian griffith 's bad guy . 
is one of the rare movies in which hollywood actually tries to tell some unflattering truths about the world and succeeds in it . 
the dark atmosphere of l . a . - city of glamour and moral decay - is nicely captured by william friedkin 's directing skills . 
brilliantly portrays dangerous and intelligent psychopath , whose ruthlessness and lack of any moral fibber does n't seem like affliction in the reagan years ; on the contrary , those qualities actually makes masters socially acceptable . 
the tight and realistic scripts with memorable characters ( portrayed by such capable actors like john turturro , dean stockwell , debra feuer , darlanne fleugel and steve james ) gave opportunity for friedkin to use another gimmick that made him famous in his 1971 masterpiece - great car chase . 
instead of being a classical good guy , secret service agent richard chance ( portrayed by william petersen in his most impressive role so far ) is nothing more than a lunatic whose adrenaline addiction and madness work against his better judgement ; his sidekick , who should serve as those " better judgement " is a weakling and sentimental fool that gets suckered in the end . 
the tight and realistic scripts with memorable characters ( portrayed by such capable actors like john turturro , dean stockwell , debra feuer , darlanne fleugel and steve james ) gave opportunity for friedkin to use another gimmick that made him famous in his 1971 masterpiece - great car chase . 
the soundtrack , provided by now almost forgotten band " wang chung " , is also one of the more memorable of that decade . 
this is a very good - looking movie . 
gone are kirk , spock and mccoy and in their wake in the very able and very talented cast from star trek : the next generation . 
the special effects are among the best for the star trek series . 
while many of the jokes do miss the mark , many are pretty good , even for non - trekkies . 
the action is plentiful and well done . 
it should come as no surprise to anyone who ever watched star trek : the next generation that the acting is first rate . 
my minor problems with the movie aside , star trek : insurrection does have an overwhelming number of good points as compared to its bad ones . 
there 's plenty of substance here , particularly in the second half ; its observations about the broken and defeated rebels from the ' 60s and the objects of their rebellion just are n't usually very pleasant . 
while gilliam may have overdone it in a few places , i think he and his co - writers deserve more credit than that . 
the violence is not particularly graphic ( temple of doom 's heart - pull scene outgrosses the terminator 's ) , but it is brutally staged making it that much more effective . for a low budget film , the terminator 's special effects and art direction ( especially in 2029 la ) are remarkably well done . 
it is some of the best stop motion i have ever seen . 
cameron and hurd 's script basically depicts a one hour and forty - five minute chase , taking a few moments here and there to explain time travel and develop the romantic subplot . while we do see the hackneyed dialogue cameron is now so well known for , there is also considerable suspense especially for the first time viewer who may be unsure of kyle reese 's intentions . 
the violence is not particularly graphic ( temple of doom 's heart - pull scene outgrosses the terminator 's ) , but it is brutally staged making it that much more effective . for a low budget film , the terminator 's special effects and art direction ( especially in 2029 la ) are remarkably well done . 
from a technical standpoint the terminator is very well done . 
that said , " blood simple " is a very good horror movie ; the fear and suspense here are genuine . 
this aspect of the story , along with the intense atmosphere of repulsion and brutality - one gets the sense that if guns and , in one case , shovels , were not available , some of these characters would claw each other to death - are the most effective components of the film . 
that said , " blood simple " is a very good horror movie ; the fear and suspense here are genuine . 
i would firmly recommend it to all " coen - heads " as well as anyone looking for something original in a thriller . 
blood simple " is not quite the masterpiece of neo - noir that many seem to think it is , but it 's a decent movie and it showcases the coens ' ability to handle suspense and violence in a visceral but non - exploitative manner . 
" detective story " features one of kirk douglas 's finest performances . 
her scenes with bendix , another detective , provide the movie with a few laughs . 
how he handles coming to terms with this is something really worth seeing . 
the performances all around are fantastic . 
the condition of the expatriate is eloquently portrayed ; i , being one , was sympathetic . 
the exchange that follows , and what slim then does , is poignant and perfect : with clarity and understatement , we see two people 's lives , their heartbreaks and virtues , summed up in a single moment . 
neither aspect of the movie is entirely successful , but both are good enough . 
and along the way there is one perfect scene , which is one more than you find in most films 
about eight taels comes together in one great scene , which is the culmination of the love story . 
the cinematography is amazing in the mummy . 
do n't expect huge things out of the mummy , but just expect to have a good time 
from ancient egyptians outfits to original troops outfits , the costumes are always top notch . 
although brendan fraser is great , rachel weisz gives the best performance among the cast . 
the costume design in the film is also up there with the great cinematography . 
as of now , the mummy holds the title for best special effects of this year , but all this could change when star wars episode 1 : the phantom menace is released into theaters across the country . 
on the other hand , this type of film is one of my favorites , but that 's up to you to decide . 
particularly in one scene depicting ancient egypt , we are taken into a very fun portrayal of egypt , mummies , and the treasures left behind by the ancient egyptians . 
in the mummy , fraser gets to play an action hero , and i liked him in this sort of role over the comedic role , as in the films blast from the past and george of the jungle . 
, the summer is off to its usually great start . 
the state of the art special effects take you into a completely different world . 
tati does n't waste a single opportunity for humor ; 
part of the reason the film works so well is the clever setup for the various gags . 
part of the reason the film works so well is the clever setup for the various gags . 
the ending is one of two elements that really make this a four - star film as opposed to merely an above - average , clever comedy . as much as i was laughing during this film , i was thinking to myself occasionally that tati had to top himself at the end to really make this work as a complete viewing experience ; suffice it to say that he did . 
yet the film had me beside myself laughing more consistently than any in recent memory . 
it has been said that comedy relies on frustrating the audience 's expectations , and " les vacances de m . hulot " succeeds brilliantly in that area as well . 
this may be true , but the action is so extraordinary that it is clear director / co - writer jonathan mostow completed his ultimate goal ; to blow the audience 's socks off . 
as soon as the action starts , it does not stop and luckily , because it is so exciting , i did n't want it to stop . 
this is not a movie for those wanting to avoid loud noises , from the wonderful , heart - pounding score to the constant yelling of panicking men , make sure you see this at a theater with surround - sound ? 
they also make u-571 one of the most exhilarating movies i have seen in a while . 
however , _ the thirteeth floor _ , though it deals with similar themes , is a much better movie than the frenetic , childish and improbable _ matrix 
i recommend a second viewing simply to get the flavor of the frequent ironic foreshadowing in the opening parts of the movie . 
_ the thirteen floor _ is that rare exception among hollywood movies : a , rich , emotionally satisfying , intelligent sci - fi movie . 
the major actors , all of whom are required to play two or even three roles , perform extremely well . 
bierko , who will be familiar as the psycho from _ the long kiss goodnight _ , is outstanding . 
d'onofrio as whitney , who plays a pivotal role in support , also turns in a good performance . 
the lovely gretchen mol , whose elegance , integrity , and determination suggest bergman in _ casablanca _ , does a wonderful job . 
nicholson may be the best actor working today . 
i do n't remember ever seeing him in anything less than a stellar performance and his over - the - edge melvin is no disappointment . 
melvin is hilarious in his grouchiness and touching as he attempts to be nice . 
hunt does a commendable job matching nicholson 's energy . 
and in the midst of it all , there are some wonderful moments . 
each does a wonderful job with the character , but together , there 's something a little off . 
bruce willis portrays his character perfectly , balancing his need to help cole and his agony over his strained relationship with his wife skillfully . 
i was expecting this film to be mercury rising 2 , but was astonished to discover an extremely well plotted out little thriller with an outstandingly satisfying ending . 
the cast should also be given a lot of credit for making the movie as solid as it is . 
i was expecting this film to be mercury rising 2 , but was astonished to discover an extremely well plotted out little thriller with an outstandingly satisfying ending . 
although the first hour is very slow , the sixth sense turns out to be a very powerful and moving film . 
toni collette , looking markedly different from her pathetic character in muriel 's wedding , gives a strong performance as cole 's mother , who is trying to cope with both her son 's " illness " and the passing of her mother . 
i must give m . night shyamalan a lot of credit for a brilliantly written screenplay . 
what 's really striking is that both toy story films ( and , to a lesser degree , pixar 's a bug 's life ) are kids ' movies with wit and sophistication to shame most of their ostensibly adult counterparts , not to mention whatever piece of tot - friendly eye - candy is due from the disney dream factory any given summer . 
this one is a joy to behold on the big screen , and technically , it improves on its predecessor on just about every level . 
that this film manages to turn a box marked " 25 cents " into a symbol of doom , or to make its screed against the retention of collectible toys by wrongheaded profiteers fuel for a metaphysical dilemma , is a testament to its skill at metaphor , seamlessly translating the hopes and fears of our real world into that of the toys . 
sheriff woody ( voiced by a note - perfect tom hanks ) , the longtime favorite among andy 's toys who was challenged in the previous go - round by the arrival of flashy - new - thing action figure buzz lightyear ( tim allen ) , suffers an injury early in the film , when andy tugs too hard on his arm and pulls a seam apart , revealing the stuffing inside . 
this one is a joy to behold on the big screen , and technically , it improves on its predecessor on just about every level . 
dicaprio is perfect to the last twitch and squeal , and anyone who has ever spent time with mentally challenged kids will be hard - pressed to spot a flaw . 
it 's a rich , memorable and stunningly acted story of desire colliding with responsibility , staged in a manner which many viewers might find too prosaic , but which insinuated itself into my imagination with its confidence . 
thanks to a lovingly created setting and a marvelous cast , this 1993 release proves well worth the wait . 
depp 's performance is overshadowed , however , by leonardo dicaprio 's astonishing oscar - nominated supporting work as arnie . 
johnny depp expertly demonstrates the tension central to gilbert by playing everything below the surface , but he never gives in to one - dimensional blankness or simply regurgitates his naif roles in benny & joon and edward scissorhands . 
legendary cinematographer sven nykvist create a magnificent visual backdrop for peter hedges ' screenplay , based on his own novel . 
one of the most perfectly realized scenes focuses on the grand opening of a burger franchise , attended by the entire town and accompanied by the off - key high school band . 
the entire cast does the material justice -- clooney and lopez coming into their own , and rhames and cheadle cementing their positions as two of my favorites . 
clooney is definitely a perfect successor to john travolta in get shorty . 
this is a movie with a brain , as smooth and calculated 
all lend extra class to a movie already full of it . 
the entire cast does the material justice -- clooney and lopez coming into their own , and rhames and cheadle cementing their positions as two of my favorites . 
this is a movie with a brain , as smooth and calculated 
it 's rare that a movie can seamlessly combine elements from both east and west , old and young , male and female into a cohesive and entertaining whole , but mulan hits the universal bullseye 
the end result is spectacular ; mulan is one of disney 's best movies ever . 
computers were used for crowd scenes of up to 30 , 000 people , and a special program called ' attila ' was used for a spectacular sequence involving 2000 attacking huns on horseback . and singers osmond and salonga are at the top of their game . 
it 's rare that a movie can seamlessly combine elements from both east and west , old and young , male and female into a cohesive and entertaining whole , but mulan hits the universal bullseye 
the end result is spectacular ; mulan is one of disney 's best movies ever . 
movies that can perfectly mix comedy and drama are always hits with the audience , even though this one bombed at the theaters . 
either way , this is still a good movie and you should give it a chance like i did , whether you hate your roommate or not . 
it knows when to make you laugh and when to make you cry . 
pleasantly surprised me here , permanently earning my respect , so all you " columbo " fans who think i live to insult the guy can just falk off . 
makes the film all work . 
the film has an amazing apocalyptic style . 
of any horror filmmaker in the world , kiyoshi kurosawa is the one to watch . 
his 1998 film cure , with one of his niftiest ideas , is just now getting a sadly limited release in the us and hopefully enough people will see it that his name will soon be one to conjure with . 
but if there is any voice that i think steals the whole show , it should be rosie o'donnell , who is hilariously funny as terk . 
nicely done ) , and glenn close is wonderful as kala ( she has a beautiful singing voice , too , by the way ) . 
wayne knight ( who played stan in space jam ) gives a whimsically funny style to tantor , an elephant who is especially worried about stepping into " un - sanitary " water . 
* * masterpiece , mulan , with this great animated adaption of egar rice burrough 's tarzan . 
i would n't hold it high the way i do with mulan or the hunchback of notre dame ( my all - time favorite disney classics ) , but this film deserves a high place among disney 's greatest achievements . 
i was pleasantly surprised : the music is top - notch . 
the casting is fairly good . 
when i finally went to see it ( on opening day , as i tend to do with most disney animated features ) , my question was answered , in a complete turnabout of expectations for me : disney 's tarzan is surprisingly decent . 
top notch , particularly when tarzan goes soaring through the trees 
the story does have elements of comedy in it , but they also load it with strong dramatic touches , which makes this film far better than the unbelieveably uninspired hercules . 
phil collins ' songs are terrific , percussion - heavy pieces of work that seem to break the formula for typical disney songs . 
the score from mark mancina was also neat 
( he was fflewdurr flamm in disney 's most underrated classic , the black cauldron ) ; he is funny and delightful as professor porter . 
it contains a lot of visual treats , sets the stage for an epic story , gives us a bit of excitement here and there , and even allows us to revisit some of our old friends . 
his music is pervasive throughout , as rousing and as dramatic as ever , always serving to punctuate scenes noticeably and appropriately . 
the people at lucas 's industrial light and magic , the world 's premiere effects house , outdid themselves in providing seamless integration of computer - generated images and real - life footage . 
the space battles are also impressive , although improved over past efforts by only subtle margins to the casual observer . 
one aspect that will appeal broadly , however , is the use of special effects . 
some of the scenes have to be seen to be believed , especially the shots of a land battle between the federation 's robot army and jar jar 's countrymen . 
the phantom menace , by most standards , is a good film . 
as the main character of kat , julia stiles ( last seen in the miniseries " the ' 60s " ) is marvelous and always believable , and certainly has a bright future ahead of her . 
at a short , but well - used running time of 98 minutes , all of the characters are perfectly handled , satisfyingly developed , and , for the most part , are not treated as caricatures ( another flaw of " she 's all that , " where the bad guys ( and gals ) ran around constantly saying , " you 're vapor " ) . since i could sympathize with the realistic depictions of the central characters , and since many of the comedic and dramatic scenes were surprisingly effective , i got completely caught up in all of the relationships and was thoroughly entertained . aside from a good screenplay , it 's the performances that can make or break a movie , and director junger has really hit the jackpot . 
luckily , i doubt i would be able to find ten things i hate about " 10 things i hate about you , " but the positive aspects of the film far out - number ten . 
although similar in plotting ( ok , darn near identical ) , " 10 things i hate about you , " a modern - day version of shakespeare 's " the taming of the shrew " ( " she 's all that " got its inspiration from " pygmalion " ) , is an infinitely superior film in every department , from the smart direction by first - time feature director gil junger to the charming and well - written screenplay by karen mccullah lutz and kirsten smith to the striking ensemble cast , who give the best group of performances in a teen comedy since 1985 's " the breakfast club . 
at a short , but well - used running time of 98 minutes , all of the characters are perfectly handled , satisfyingly developed , and , for the most part , are not treated as caricatures ( another flaw of " she 's all that , " where the bad guys ( and gals ) ran around constantly saying , " you 're vapor " ) . since i could sympathize with the realistic depictions of the central characters , and since many of the comedic and dramatic scenes were surprisingly effective , i got completely caught up in all of the relationships and was thoroughly entertained . aside from a good screenplay , it 's the performances that can make or break a movie , and director junger has really hit the jackpot . 
it also helps that the movie has a perfectly - assembled soundtrack , mixing indie - rock with new wave ' 80s songs ( and with , thank goodness , no rap ) . 
as the main character of kat , julia stiles ( last seen in the miniseries " the ' 60s " ) is marvelous and always believable , and certainly has a bright future ahead of her . 
( " 3rd rock from the sun " ) , who gives his strongest performance to date here , none of the actors are that well - known , but it is this aspect that brings a particular freshness to the proceedings . 
by the film 's end , it actually had me rooting for certain characters to get together , and i was also quite pleased with how everything was wrapped up , especially in the final scenes involving kat and bianca , kat and her father , and a flawlessly - acted and moving sequence in which kat gets up to read the poem she has written for her english class ( this is where the title comes from ) . 
although similar in plotting ( ok , darn near identical ) , " 10 things i hate about you , " a modern - day version of shakespeare 's " the taming of the shrew " ( " she 's all that " got its inspiration from " pygmalion " ) , is an infinitely superior film in every department , from the smart direction by first - time feature director gil junger to the charming and well - written screenplay by karen mccullah lutz and kirsten smith to the striking ensemble cast , who give the best group of performances in a teen comedy since 1985 's " the breakfast club . 
heath ledger , as the infamous bad - boy of the town , injects much life into patrick , and has a lot of chemistry with stiles . 
bowfinger is a very cartoon - like movie that pokes fun at hollywood and its famous residents while simultaneously holding a very solid story line . 
martin , who also wrote the screenplay , is perfect as a jerk with a conscience and eddie murphy does his best " peter sellers " in two different , but equally hilarious , roles ; one as a big time move star and the other as his nerdy , burger king employee brother . 
martin , who also wrote the screenplay , is perfect as a jerk with a conscience and eddie murphy does his best " peter sellers " in two different , but equally hilarious , roles ; one as a big time move star and the other as his nerdy , burger king employee brother . 
bowfinger is a very clever comedy with great performances from its two stars . 
besides the very repetitive and superflous ending , bowfinger is a joy to watch . if you take a movie like this seriously then you will never enjoy it . if you accept the incredulous plot and the extreme caricatures of real entertainment figures , the movie is great fun . 
besides the very repetitive and superflous ending , bowfinger is a joy to watch . if you take a movie like this seriously then you will never enjoy it . if you accept the incredulous plot and the extreme caricatures of real entertainment figures , the movie is great fun . 
the crew works as a strong comedic vehicle driven by a great ensemble cast of talented character actors and subtle leading men . 
in the steady flow of " extreme " comedy these days flowing from hollywood like a broken water main , it 's the elder statesmen like dreyfuss , reynolds , and hedaya that can carry a comic arc with only a few weapons of choice - a decent script and good acting . 
the clever script is reminiscent of an old billy wilder movie , following four " past their prime " wiseguys from jersey who now live in the raj mahal apartment house in miami beach . 
the crew works as a strong comedic vehicle driven by a great ensemble cast of talented character actors and subtle leading men . 
a strong supporting cast including jeremy piven as a philandering boyfriend / cop / partner and miguel sandoval as the paranoid drug lord provide the most laughs . 
the quick script written by barry fanaro , screenwriter of kingpin , is carried by plenty of subtly dry humor and wit . 
the scary thing is that it 's actually entertaining and a breath of fresh air in this otherwise stale month . 
the great thing is that this comedy does not need to be punctuated by bodily fluids , phallus symbols in the head , or grandmothers giving head in a spa . 
i also liked the performances of angus macfadyen , as robert the bruce , and , of course , mel gibson , as william wallace . 
the scene when he waits for the death and loses his voice is really good . 
for three hours we are completely absorbed by the narrative 's rhyitm which never gives place to a single moment of monotony or uninterest . 
patrick mcgoohan has a very nice performance 
one of the best movies of 1995 ! 
the excellent music composed by james horner is another thing that helps braveheart to be the success that it really is . 
braveheart is , in fact , a magnificent and magisterial film . 
mel gibson directs with a lot of brilliancy a brilliant cast . 
there 's not a lot of bite to this satirical musical , but resnais has never made a bad film and is one of the best current french directors , if not the best . 
it is also interesting in the way it examines its characters ' behavior as being similar in business as in love . 
yet it is not without its striking moments and charms , such as when jane birkin does a cameo and sings one of her own songs . 
it also does a good job of showing you the way paris is in the 1990s and in the way ordinary people exist there . 
with the exception of affleck 's brief appearances , the performances are truly exceptional . 
the jekyll and hyde contradiction works well in the movie 
it gives us what is in between , and for that i am thankful . 
younger 's script is well studied in the vernacular of this bunch ; his dialogue is like a junior david mamet . 
the audience watches , with ever - growing fascination , how this one event impacts upon every aspect of her life : her future career , where she lives , whom she loves , and whether she has a family . 
john hannah , known to most american viewers as the younger gay character in four weddings and a funeral , is instantly likable . 
one of its most obvious strengths is that it can satisfy many different types of audiences -- those who demand something substantial from their motion pictures , and those who could care less . 
on one level , for viewers who enjoy pondering the workings of fate , sliding doors can be viewed as a deep and wonderful experience . 
the script is shrewd and inventive , combining wit , romance , and intelligent melodrama into a crowd - pleasing whole . 
she plays both of her roles effectively and believably -- the shy , insecure woman who stays with gerry and the liberated , platinum - blond who severs the ties to her old life and embarks on a new career with a new man . 
mcferran tears into this part with relish ; his performance becomes one of the most memorable aspects of a top - notch comedy . 
it should n't come as any surprise that the acting , at least from three of the four leads , is solid . 
douglas mcferran , who plays gerry 's best friend , russell , is an absolute delight , stealing every scene that he 's in . 
this is the kind of movie that sticks in your head . 
regardless , this contemporary " alice in wonderland " is a real treat . 
" being john malkovich " is the most original film to come down the pike in a very long time . 
the performances are superb . 
as always , john cusack nails his part , handily pulling viewers along even as craig 's actions become unconscionable . 
his flat , matter - of - fact approach works perfectly . 
, sheds her perpetually sunny smile and draws big laughs as a woman thrown into extreme sexual confusion after taking a ride in malkovich . 
jonze wisely realized that a storyline this unusual is most effectively presented in a low - key style . 
american beauty is an extraordinary film , a powerful , jolting exploration of the dark side of the american dream . 
american beauty is just the kind of uncompromising film hollywood needs every now and then to counterbalance the mindless drivel we see released ; even more so considering it 's a masterpiece 
, i 'm sure you 've just had one of the richest cinematic experiences of your life . 
kevin spacey has never been better , and this performance will certainly earn him a chance to put a little gold person on his mantel . 
mixing comedy and the darkest of drama was the way this film was intended , and by god , it works , making it one of the year 's very best . 
colonel fitts , the father , is one of the most fascinating and complex characters in the movie , even considering his limited screentime . 
equally astonishing is young thora birch , who plays her potentially stereotypical rebellious teen character with suprising feeling and tenderness . 
american beauty is just the kind of uncompromising film hollywood needs every now and then to counterbalance the mindless drivel we see released ; even more so considering it 's a masterpiece 
a truly intelligent addition to it all , however , is the charming and ardently attainable cast that operates together like clockwork . 
besides a hidden symbolic depth and themes that go beyond what we can absorb from previews , this film has elements of physical wonder and strength that make it just so great to watch . 
i found it quite intriguing and delightful and went back 3 more times in the period it endured at the box office . 
i was not disappointed . 
the visual effects are indeed striking and what little color is revealed is impartially favorable . 
an odd fusion of ancient asian traditions and disconcerting elements which betray obvious mass - market commercial sensibilities , this confident entry is easily the most engaging and satisfying hollywood animated feature in years , but falls short of actualizing its potential . 
briskly paced with a smart , energetic heroine and filled with high adventure , the film is ultimately most satisfying on the intimate scale of father and daughter . 
briskly paced with a smart , energetic heroine and filled with high adventure , the film is ultimately most satisfying on the intimate scale of father and daughter . 
nonetheless , mulan is an especially appealing piece of work from the disney factory , with a strong narrative arc and pleasant artwork ; the computer - generated stampede of hun warriors charging down a snow mountain is wholly impressive . 
scenes which would play out as unbearably hokey in live action , such as mulan 's venerable father pridefully tossing aside his cane when accepting his draft notice , are lent a sense of strength and conveyed with greater emotional clarity in animation . 
nonetheless , mulan is an especially appealing piece of work from the disney factory , with a strong narrative arc and pleasant artwork ; the computer - generated stampede of hun warriors charging down a snow mountain is wholly impressive . 
nonetheless , mulan is an especially appealing piece of work from the disney factory , with a strong narrative arc and pleasant artwork ; the computer - generated stampede of hun warriors charging down a snow mountain is wholly impressive . 
it 's rather remarkable that a movie primarily positioned for american and european audiences delves so wholeheartedly into new foreign territory . 
a very solid follow - up to an ever greater original , baby boy is a film to be seen by anyone who feels like they never wanna grow up . 
but that 's the thing that i liked the most about this movie . 
i was crackin ' up at almost every other scene , and they were n't " set - up jokes " like your typical comedies either , just day - to - day things that we could all relate to ( like the scene in which ving rhames is " drinking koolaid " in the kitchen and his infamously improvised " african squat f 
i even liked the whole homage to boyz ' n the hood that singleton pulled off in the end ( he called this movie a " companion piece " to that film ) . 
from scene one on , i was glued to his performance and sympathized with his character as he molded and shaped himself into the person that he hoped to become one day . 
i liked this movie a lot because it was masterfully written , wonderfully acted and genuinely entertaining to watch 
this movie ai n't about the " hood " at all , it 's an intelligent film about love , relationships , family , friendship , maturity and growing up . 
he nailed this part to the tee . 
i mean , damn funny ! 
do not avoid this film because you think it 's about gangbangers and stuff , because it is n't at all . 
you see , the film is damn funny , too . . . 
this is an extremely well - written film , with some of the most developed characters that i 've seen on the screen all year , with superb acting performances to match 
it is the pinnacle of a movie , a complete work , a flawless film . 
his intensity oozes out of the screen . 
that 's why la confidential stands as the best movie of the year . 
it is grace and poetry ; a richly layered work of pure entertainment . 
director curtis hanson has perfectly framed each character , letting you see into them , rooting for them one moment , doubting them the next . 
it 's a perfect moment in a near perfect movie . 
it is funny , it is exciting , has enough action and adventure and mystery and grace and suspense . 
a . confidential is the best movie of the year . 
it is grace and poetry ; a richly layered work of pure entertainment . 
a . confidential : after you leave the theater , you feel like you just watched a classic movie 
the movie is especially good at showing how they seem to have drifted casually into it : there 's a scene where the two go to buy a new tv . 
henry succeeds thanks to excellent writing and direction as well as acting . 
the director , john mcnaughton , took a small budget and a gallery of actor friends and created a chilling and intelligent piece of work . 
michael rooker is credible as henry from the first frame , just standing there , and the rest of the cast works by being unaffected and casual as well . 
in the end , " rounders " holds a winning hand . 
director john dahl , infamous for his neo - noirs " red rock west " and " the last seduction , " gets extremely convincing mileage out of the been - there , done - that plot mechanics by trumping up the relationship between mike and worm . 
that 's the precise allure of " rounders . 
screenwriters david levien and brian koppelman entertain and educate in their quest to vividly render a culture that 's often generalized by movies ; even complete poker neophytes should cross the line from observers to participants when the movie gets to its concluding game scene . 
it ultimately matters not that a few of our tour guides feel partially - realized or that the journey itself is cluttered with sites we 've seen before , because the final destination is a satisfying one 
matt damon , fresh off his " good will hunting " hot streak , is perfect for the role of mike mcdermott , a young law student with a tremendous gift for gambling . 
" rounders " ' success , then , is owed to its proficient cast and intriguing portrayal of a world not many viewers will be familiar with . 
and as a wizened judge , the great martin landau makes memorable a role that 's mostly a plot device 
damon and norton bring so much to their roles that they 'd be worth catching even if " rounders " ultimately folded , but the movie ups its fascinating ante by contrasting their wildly different ways of winning . 
if only the other character interaction was as successful , " rounders " might merit consideration when it comes time to number the year 's best films . 
" beyond the political aspects , " sweet sweetback " is an entertaining picture , which van peebles always intended it to be . 
van peebles tells an interesting story 
in style , content , and how it was conceived and produced , " sweet sweetback " was a cinematic revolution , whether or not one agrees with its subject matter . 
he squeezed every drop out of his limited budget , and produced a film that , although dated now , was technically fantastic at the time . 
not clever or complex , the story is still fascinating , like a selection from the twilight zone . 
where the former two have a specific comic - book following , the latter is an original work with the potential for broader appeal . 
first , the look of the movie is excellent . give credit to production designers george liddle and patrick tatopolous for creating a coherent look from diverse elements . 
now if only he could remember the rest of his life . . . . dark city is good on many levels . 
third , the special effects are well used . 
it has a similar look to the others , but dark city is much more thoughtful and much less violent . 
second , the editing of the film is good . 
i do strongly recommend it , for its look , its pace , its story , and its timelessness . 
count me as a " love it . " as good as the crow and spawn are , dark city is better . 
first , the look of the movie is excellent . give credit to production designers george liddle and patrick tatopolous for creating a coherent look from diverse elements . 
-- there 's a once - removed quality to their fine , spontaneous performances , as the women take a very skillful look back at the girls they once were , the girls they wish they had been , or some combination . 
for all its flaws , this one gets extra points for having its uncertain head and heart in the same noble place . 
it 's a deeply felt , dead - on performance , and by the halfway point you 've forgiven taylor her own maturity . 
there 's the admirable crux of this picture . 
all i can say is go watch this film , because it is a fine portrait of a family that sticks together , through the good and the bad . 
all i can say is go watch this film , because it is a fine portrait of a family that sticks together , through the good and the bad . 
robert duvall is also an underrated actor . 
luckily , he has a strong supporting cast . 
the film is smart , witty and thought provoking . 
a civil action provides everything a drama lover craves . 
macy is probably one of the most underrated actors in hollywood . 
granted , it 's not roll in the aisle funny , but it provides a nice addition to the film . 
however , what i saw in a civil action was far different from what i expected , a major surprise , but fortunately , a pleasant one . 
his supporting cast , consisting of macy and duvall , turn in tremendous performances , which ease the load on travolta . 
all in all , john travolta is back yet again in this great film . 
it left me somewhat confused , although the rest of the film is terrific . 
they have comedy coming from all sides . whether it be duvall 's inane questions or macy 's sharp anger , the laughs come in a steady pace . 
a civil action is not john 's best performance , but a strong one that could rival any performance in 1998 . 
the courtroom debates are great , but the actual problem they are fighting for is never fully explored . 
in a civil action , he delivers yet another great performance 
he continues to deliver great performances one after the other , but he is still regarded as a secondary actor . 
but , he delivers one of the best supporting roles of 1998 , but there is actually someone better in a civil action . 
the setup is nice with the film actually starting with a victory in the courtroom . 
time bandits is a fantastically made film that caters to the imagination of anyone . with a terrific soundtrack , courtesy of george harrison , whom also was an executive producer , time bandits is sure to be a very surrealistic , time - traveling adventure with unforgettable characters that is sure to entertain anyone . 
time bandits is a fantastically made film that caters to the imagination of anyone . with a terrific soundtrack , courtesy of george harrison , whom also was an executive producer , time bandits is sure to be a very surrealistic , time - traveling adventure with unforgettable characters that is sure to entertain anyone . 
fortunately , barry 's replacement , thomas newman , contributes a fine score that nicely balances 
redford and thomas are strong and convincing 
one word of warning , however : while brilliantly shot 
that rare kind of movie : 
redford 's film stands head and shoulders above james cameron 's ocean - going tragedy , especially in the writing and acting departments . 
it looks good , it feels good , and by golly it does you good . the wait , it turns out , was well worth it . 
dianne wiest , chris cooper ( " lone star " ) , and sam neill -- better than i 've seen him before -- round out the respectable supporting cast . 
while parts of " the horse whisperer " are epic in scope and vision , especially the aerial " travelogue " that maps out this great country of ours , its real strength lies in the subtleties it uses to paint the fragile alliance between man and beast . 
he is funny , serious , and determined to accomplish his goal . 
viewers may be growing restless for a while , but trust me if you stick around and keep your head in it , you will have a good time . 
hearing charlie sheen deliver the line , " i guess there is something to be said for celibacy " is the funniest thing i have ever heard in a movie since matthew broderick discussed asexual reproduction in wargames . 
the story is ingeniously devised by twohy , who also wrote and directed the equally clever cable movie grand tour : disaster in time . 
charlie sheen , who has had a rocky career as of late , is in top form here . 
sheen 's absolutely terrific performance is another big plus to this movie . 
the cast in field of dreams is excellent , 
almost defies description . 
field of dreams is a touching fairy tale full of life , wonder , mystery , spirit , and humor . 
and finally , burt lancaster is memorable 
it , for the most part , succeeds in capturing our emotions and suspending our disbelief . 
in general , however , field of dreams is an emotionally satisfying fantasy -- one i can recommend to everyone but unromantic cynics . 
amy madigan gives a fine supporting performance as ray 's feisty and loving wife , who against her better judgement supports her husband 's crazy ideas . 
costner gives a quiet , subtle , and moving performance as a man who before building the baseball field had done nothing crazy or spontaneous in his entire life . 
granted it has its moments of pseudo - morbidity , but all - in - all " babe : pig in the city " is the funny and charming adventure that everyone was hoping it would be . 
it was a treat indeed to see one of cinema 's legends grace the screen again in what was a superbly gentle and heartwarming performance . 
it is a film that is magical with its charm and humor , exciting in its adventurous exploits , funny with its dry wit and cute voices , and breathtaking in its presentation . 
, it is a worthy companion piece . 
the story of " babe : pig in the city " is an enchanting yarn , but one that does n't achieve the emotional or character depth of the original . 
sure , it is n't a great film , but it is an excellent one that possesses elements of greatness . 
babe : pig in the city " flourishes where so many sequels fail . 
this is a completely original tale that offers up a story drastically different than the first . 
more than that , it is a spectacular work of art that deserves to stand alone in its own right . 
it was a treat indeed to see one of cinema 's legends grace the screen again in what was a superbly gentle and heartwarming performance . 
babe : pig in the city " retains some of the best core elements and characters from the first film . 
as a result , if you choose to let this film pass you by , you will be missing of the year 's best cinematic treats . 
as an overall piece , " babe : pig in the city " is a thoroughly enchanting and entertaining fable from beginning to end . 
but the stroke of pure genius by production designer roger ford is his use of our world 's architectural landmarks . 
instead , it strives to achieve an originality of its own . and it succeeds . 
carrie - anne moss turned out a surprisingly good performance for this her first feature film role . 
the action sequences are nothing short of spectacular . 
this lends itself to some of the best martial arts sequences that you are ever likely to see in a film . 
sadly , the rest of the film , while pretty good , does n't quite measure up to the obvious effort that was expended on making this film look so darn good . 
while the rest of the film ( acting , dialogue and to a degree plot ) detract from the high production values , they do n't detract enough to prevent me from recommending the matrix as a fun way to spend an evening . 
you have to give all of the main actors a healthy dose of credit for the work that they obviously put into the physical training for their roles in this film . 
although to his credit , it is one of his better performances . 
the matrix has at it 's core a good concept , although it strays into the confusing side more often than i would have liked . 
this can be attributed as much to the amazing special effects 
it is nothing short of stunning visually . 
the main reasons to recommend the matrix are the visual effects and computer animation which make this a real treat to watch . 
had she been a more vital character , it 's still an intriguing and enlightening process to watch 
alchemy successfully explores a variety of compelling issues . 
the cinematography is stunning . 
" however , it was an even better premise for a drama . 
despite carrey 's greatness , the best performance in the truman show undoubtedly is turned in by ed harris , who plays the " god " of truman 's world . 
the action moves at a good pace , and rarely gets sluggish . 
the truman show is a must see for anyone who likes movies in general because they will be thoroughly impressed by this creative film . 
overall , the truman show is one of the freshest and innovative films to come out of hollywood . 
andrew niccol is responsible for the screenplay and peter weir pulled it off to perfection . 
i was not only enjoying the film , i was overwhelmed by genius of it . 
it may seem a tad boring , but it is so intriguing that you will fall in love with the film right from the start . 
jim carrey actually lived up to the hype . 
all of these ideas are just perfect for the film and extremely innovative . 
and it is just a constant progression that never gets sluggish . 
laura linney is magnificent 
the truman show is a must see for anyone who likes movies in general because they will be thoroughly impressed by this creative film . 
jim carrey shows that he is not just a man of a million faces , but a legitimate actor who could go down as one of the best . 
it is a stirring and believable account of camp life . 
this is a powerful and philosophical view of the prison camp experience . 
there are some excellent , laugh out loud jokes in the film , and some superbly funny set pieces ( such as favreau cringe - worhy battle with a answer machine that always cut him off before he finishes his sentence . 
but these small flaws do n't really spoil what is a funny , entertaining comedy . 
favreau is also good , acting as ' the little man ' very well , and the way he always feels sorry for himself is very funny . 
as said above , vaughn is superb as trent , he 's definitely the best thing in the film . 
the audience feels for this pathetic little man , thanks to the great script . 
the script , by favreau , is great . 
the acting is superb . 
but again , the lines they say are usually pretty good , and they do have some funny parts . 
another ' independent film ' , this comedy , which was brought by miramax for $ 5 million , is good fun 
no , it just has a great script and superb little known actors . 
there are some excellent , laugh out loud jokes in the film , and some superbly funny set pieces ( such as favreau cringe - worhy battle with a answer machine that always cut him off before he finishes his sentence . 
these flaws are glaring , but they do n't detract too much from an otherwise good film that makes you think about issues you may not have considered since history class . 
does a good job at providing appropriate music to punctuate key scenes and allowing the score to enhance the movie as a whole . 
this , combined with his innate acting ability and his experience in playing the mid - level authority figure , makes his performance in the siege convincing and enjoyable . 
it actually gets rather heady at times , but it 's a credit to screenwriters 
annette bening gives one of the more assertive portrayals of a female character i 've seen recently , and the chemistry she shares with washington is palpable . 
what results is a fascinating debate over the appropriateness and constitutionality of the declaration of martial law and the invocation of the war powers act , utilizing philosophy and historical examples to make points on both sides . 
otherwise , it should keep you laughing the whole way through . 
this is one of the many reasons that the film is so funny 
sophie marceau might be one of the most beautiful actresses working today . 
i 'm happy to report that any doubts were erased after about the first 10 minutes of the film . 
this is easily the best of the brosnan films . 
despite some problems , the world is not enough is a very entertaining movie . 
everything from wild boat chases to the usual assortment of cool bond gadgets trotted out just when there seems to be no way out for 007 . for the most part , the action sequences worked very well . 
but they were brief scenes and really should n't take away from the otherwise solid job that apted did in directing 
marceau may be the most talented actress to ever play a bond love interest . 
but because it is a bond film , the beautiful women and nifty gadgets seem to make you forget about script problems quite quickly . 
although his screen time has grown far more limited in the past few films , he is still a treat to watch . 
i was pleasantly surprised to find that she really did a good job playing a nuclear scientist . 
by that point , it was evident that mr . bond was back with a vengeance . 
this is the 17th appearance for llewelyn as bond 's gadget guy , and he is as good as ever . 
the result is sometimes surprising , other times predictable , but the actual course of actions is always fascinating . for a while everyone has their fun , but ultimately each character 's guilt , attitude , or ignorance will disserve them . 
obviously , this is the theme , which is enhanced by the actors ' good performances , but at the same time seems just a bit hollow . 
labute 's script does a good job in characterizing mary and barry as individuals , but is very light on chemistry and connection between the two . 
still , it 's an accomplishment in film - making because it has put a timeless theme into a modern perspective . 
it 's fascinating . 
" harrelson is still doing fine follow - up work to " the people vs . 
although a few elements can be questioned , the movie works well on its own terms . 
thanks to a juicy cast -- especially shue -- and the nifty material approach from director volker schlondorff ( you remember him from last summer 's suddenly re - popular " the tin drum , " right ? ) 
, everything runs smoothly . 
the other actors form a solid ensemble around her , including sevigny ( " kids " ) , tantalizingly slutty as a teen tease , as well as the ever - likeable gershon , cast a far cry from her extreme roles in " bound " and " showgirls . 
thanks to a juicy cast -- especially shue -- and the nifty material approach from director volker schlondorff ( you remember him from last summer 's suddenly re - popular " the tin drum , " right ? ) 
this humid florida - set thriller nurtures a modestly absurd edginess that often winks at itself , which is very much a good thing since the actors and director are in on the joke . as far as set - up is concerned , the movie is nothing we have n't seen before , but be patient -- " palmetto " spins some pretty wicked story twists that we really do n't see coming . 
the characters in " palmetto " collectively sweat enough to fill lake erie , and it 's just the right way to capture the film 's ripe atmosphere of sensuality , tension and even farce . 
it 's not a classic by any means , but it sure is quite an engaging surprise . 
part of " palmetto " 's success can be attributed to the performance of elisabeth shue , who demonstrates here that her oscar - nominated turn in " leaving las vegas " might merely be foreshadowing great things to come . 
in particular , hanks is at his best here , turning his " charm - meter " up to 11 . 
nevertheless , i quite enjoyed it . 
but darn it , somewhere along the way , " you 've got mail " reeled me in , hook , line , and sinker . 
in fact , i ca n't remember the last time i had such a good time at the movies . 
you 've got mail " is the very definition of a " cute " movie . 
you 've got mail " certainly wo n't be winning any awards , but as an exercise in pure entertainment , it 's as good as it gets . 
the fact that stars hank and ryan are at the top of their game does not hurt either . 
( just see the first half hour of " six degrees of separation " for proof of this , not that he is n't great the whole time ) , and here , he makes his character likable and sympathetic without any real strain on his character , which makes the film lack any real deep interesting qualities . 
add the best big cast this side of the annual woody allen film ( everyone from gabriel byrne to dan butler pop up for cameos ) , and you 've got a good old fashioned escapist drama which does all the thinking for you so that you never have to actually question the debate over personal privacy 
these guys ( played by jack black , jamie kennedy , and seth green ) are the most interesting part of this film because they 're , well , fascinating 
he is always interesting to watch 
this is incredibly annoying , and it reduces " enemy of the state " to a mechanical mishmash of flashy images that never expand the mind at any great depths , but still manage to entertain without any real problems . 
despite never actually becoming great , it 's never actually boring and it 's always intriguing . 
watching the government set - up smith is endlessly fascinating , and since we care about smith 's likeable protagonist , we are set - up for a good two hours worth of tom clancy - esque entertainment . 
he 's a good dramatic actor 
the various predicaments of the clock family are clever and thrilling . 
there 's plenty of attention to detail in the borrowers , especially in the furnishings of the clock family house , made out of lost board game parts and credit cards . 
but i was in for a shock , the borrowers is actually a thoroughly delightful movie with plenty of good laughs and even some decent special effects . 
it is surprisingly entertaining and fun to watch . 
but his performance suits the role well , 
with a nearly seamless mix of oversized sets , bluescreen shots and cgi , the special effects in the borrowers are very well done . 
and he does very well in the film 's many slapstick moments . 
based on an original story , the screenwriters did a good job at imagining all the potential and unusual perils that could exist for a 4-inch tall person . 
it is a comforting experience . 
owen wilson , last seen in the embarrassing remake of " the haunting " , gives a good natured performance as roy o'bannon . 
nothing here really looks like nevada , but the locations are so beautifully shot and staged , the film can be looked upon as a loving tribute to earlier films of the genre . 
well , while not up to a level of " drunken master 2 " or any of jackie 's hong kong films , " shanghai noon " is miles ahead 
jackie 's performance is as good as anything he 's done before 
shanghai noon " is just good fun . 
an enjoyable and charming film that can and will be enjoyed again and again . 
his scenes with jackie are some of the best bits of comic dueling since martin and lewis . 
the cinematography by dan mindel is gorgeous . 
to sum up , " shanghai noon " is a fun summer confection . 
his timing , choreography , and creativity are still as sharp as ever . 
the chemistry between the cast is remarkable . 
dey shows both a love of character and of craftsmanship that is refreshing to see . 
his innocence is refreshing and fun . 
but jackie 's natural charisma shines through , and his comic timing is so perfect , both physically and ( surprise ) verbally that once again he commands the screen whenever he is on . 
director tom dey has crafted a loving tribute to hollywood 's past . 
a fun and entertaining film that the whole family can enjoy ( parents be advised there are scenes of smoking , drunkenness and peyote use ) . 
peter 's friends " is a really enjoyable film which makes people like me pine for some sort of future reunion , although i do n't know what kind i 'll have ( like most people , i do n't look forward to my high school reunion ) . 
" so lovable 
the writing is good from rita rudner and martin bregman , with lots of good one - liners , and even some really bad but good puns ( to mock the fact that andrew lives in l . 
the writing is good from rita rudner and martin bregman , with lots of good one - liners , and even some really bad but good puns ( to mock the fact that andrew lives in l . 
but anyway , the direction is pretty good , although nothing amazing . 
" so remarkable is not how it does n't follow the rules of this sub - genre , but how it follows it so well , and creates characters that i would n't mind hanging with . 
but while " the big chill " was , at least to me , a tad too whiny and unsatisfying , " peter 's friends " hits its mark , making this film funny , dramatic , and poignant . 
there 's so much wacky humor culled from both fairy tales and popular culture that this movie should keep you in stitches . 
the computer animation looks terrific ( particularly donkey ) , although it wo n't elicit the types of oohs and aahs of pixar 's work ( " toy story , " " a bug 's life , " " toy story 2 " ) . 
there 's so much wacky humor culled from both fairy tales and popular culture that this movie should keep you in stitches . 
overall it works more than not . 
eddie murphy steals the show as the fast - talking , motown - singing donkey , proving once again his talent as a vocal performer ( is it another wink at disney that donkey is paired with a dragon , a creature murphy portrayed in disney 's ' mulan ? ' ) . 
" shrek " has good lessons for kids and humor targetted at every age group in the family . 
( with mike figgis doing a brilliant mix between the glamor of las vegas and the moody , smokey atmosphere of a film noir ) and it contains two of the best performances to come out of the 90s , or any other decade for that matter . 
however , if you are cool with those two things , you are in for one of the most memorable experiences 
from what i can see , this is basically a perfect film . 
i finished mike figgis ' " leaving las vegas " hours ago , and it is still as haunting as when i hit rewind on the vcr . 
one night he runs into a prostitute ( a brilliant performance by elizabeth shue - how far she has come since " adventures in babysitting " ) named sera . 
the direction is great 
ben ( nicolas cage in possibly the best male performance of the past twenty years ) is the drunk . 
( with mike figgis doing a brilliant mix between the glamor of las vegas and the moody , smokey atmosphere of a film noir ) and it contains two of the best performances to come out of the 90s , or any other decade for that matter . 
not only does this film offer insight into some intriguing questions of fate and destiny , it also delivers a white - knuckle visual rollercoaster ride of overwhelming audacity . 
tykwer 's world is a landscape of mood and color , with brilliant shades of red and pink ( including lola 's fiery hair ) used as effective symbolism throughout . 
` run lola run ' , a german import that gained a stellar reputation at the sundance film festival , is a dazzling and kinetic film that deals with the subjects of fate and chance . 
so absorbed in the action that few will realize the lack of potency in a few elements of the screenplay . 
a few petty gripes aside , this film is a wild , exhilarating ride that turns maniacally on its wheel of originality . 
meanwhile , bleibtreu does an equally fantastic job of bringing the dopey but passionate manni to life . 
` lola ' is no exception , with stylish quick - flash camera work and cinematography that serves as scintillating eye candy from the get - go . 
is one of the more invigorating movies of the year . 
the dazzling fun comes from predicting what each episode holds in store for lola , and the outcome is ultimately rewarding - several twists and turns are unique and unexpected . 
the dazzling fun comes from predicting what each episode holds in store for lola , and the outcome is ultimately rewarding - several twists and turns are unique and unexpected . 
both actors perform beyond the call of duty . 
she has a certain flair and charisma . 
additional stars that could n't possibly be ignored are cinematographer frank griebe and editor mathilde bonnefroy , who are both responsible for the film 's eye - catching visual elegance . 
not only does this film offer insight into some intriguing questions of fate and destiny , it also delivers a white - knuckle visual rollercoaster ride of overwhelming audacity . 
in his adaptation of the novel by russell banks , he has made a deeply moving film about a lawyer by transcending the pettiness of law and driving headlong into the deeper meaning of what is loss , and how pitiful monetary and material possessions are when compared to human life . 
certainly one of the best films of 1997 , " the sweet hereafter " is a deeply rewarding , mystifying , and ultimately human film . 
the film is filled with beautiful , subtle performances from all the actors , especially ian holm as the lawyer and sarah polley as the sad child who was left behind . 
certainly one of the best films of 1997 , " the sweet hereafter " is a deeply rewarding , mystifying , and ultimately human film . 
the beautiful , roving camerawork by paul sarossy and the haunting , melodic musical score by mychael danna ( both previous egoyan collaborators ) give the film a visual and aural cohesiveness with the thematic elements . 
the sweet hereafter " is quite the opposite ; egoyan 's stylistic and narrative structures work brilliantly to heighten the impact of the natural emotion , and draw the audience into the tragedy . 
really nothing short of miraculous . 
because human life has become such a cheap commodity in movies , it is astounding that egoyan can convey so much heartbreak in such simple , direct terms . 
from these varied reviews , i am convinced that scream has not only revived the teen horror movie and the normal teen romance movies but also the hilarious parodies of these and other categories . 
from these varied reviews , i am convinced that scream has not only revived the teen horror movie and the normal teen romance movies but also the hilarious parodies of these and other categories . 
both very positive . 
scream is also an extremely funny movie thanks to its quickly - paced script by kevin williamson . 
films that both deride and celebrate genres like galaxy quest and the big hit would not have existed , in my opinion , if it was not for the outstanding success of scream . 
the low - budget 1996 gem may , alongside pulp fiction , be the most influential film of the 1990 's . 
the movie reminds avid horror fans how similar and repetitive the genre is and it also reminds them how great a guilty pleasure it can be to watch pointless and predictable violence to innocent , attractive teenagers . to those who rarely see these types of movies , scream is a thrilling unpredictable ride that could be mistaken as a serious slasher film . 
scream is not only a clever parody of your standard horror flick , it 's also a pretty scary movie . 
watching it is like trailing your fingertips in a stream on a cool spring day . 
the tremendous action sequences will have you clinging to your arm rest , and the special effects are nothing short of the best 
the phantom menace features the most eye - catching , jaw - dropping visual look in cinematic history . 
the phantom menace is a delectable feast for the senses , even if it has some disappointing aspects . 
the tremendous action sequences will have you clinging to your arm rest , and the special effects are nothing short of the best 
the tremendous action sequences will have you clinging to your arm rest , and the special effects are nothing short of the best 
this particular race is the most exciting , energetic , high - octane action sequence that you 'll ever see . 
but that does n't mean it fails to comply on the basis of solid entertainment . 
the vast digitized worlds and sheer imagination that was applied to this project is astounding . 
the final light - saber battle , between the jedi 's and the horrific ( and terminally underused ) villain darth maul , is spectacular to behold . 
a movie that 's just as good 
the intertwining of stories is a particularly good element to the movie , as it 's never really confusing and tells different sides of the story , like sliding doors kinda did . 
the dialogue is pretty snappy and the resolution is pretty well realized , not going for the sappy happy ending nor the dreaded bad ending . 
the movie features some very good acting from all angles , and limon adds the same humorous energy he had with swingers to this particular product . 
" shallow grave , " on the other hand , is nearly flawless for an hour and twenty minutes , and then the filmmakers throw away much of what they 'd accomplished for a more standard , audience - pleasing ending . 
director danny boyle effectively creates an atmosphere of mounting tension and suspicion in the apartment , and finally the three seem ready to turn against each other . 
other than the obvious question of why they do n't report the death and simply hide the cash , which is not addressed , the plotting and characterization , while sometimes predictable , worked in a way that kept my attention and , on more than one occasion , gave me chills . 
all of this transpires in the first twenty minutes or so of the film , and part of what makes " shallow grave " so brilliant for a while is that i honestly had no idea what was coming next . 
most of the way through , and it does at least meet the minimum requirements for an entertaining thriller , and i am therefore awarding it three stars . 
still , " shallow grave " was brilliant 
her talk show , which i suppose is a great entity , has prevented her from becoming a noteworthy actress , and that 's a shame because she brings so much to this movie . 
( and i 'm dying to see her win at least an oscar nomination 
while oprah 's performance is powerful and easily sympathetic 
" beloved " is challenging to watch , filled with tough and powerful poetry 
the acting , not only from winfrey , is amazing , and i anticipate not only she will get an oscar nomination . 
there 's more to admire here , like the way that the flashbacks pop up freely and without real organization , just like they would be in real life ; and the way that the ending leaves it somewhat open to more pain and suffering , but laced with a touch of optimism . 
it 's been well over a decade since her last major performance in " the color purple , " but judging from these two films , i 'll bet she 's one of the best actresses working today 
originality has always been a strong trait in the coen brother 's movies , and the big lebowski is insanely original . 
this is a extremely funny movie with lots of belly laugh moments . 
the coen brothers have assembled a great cast that play off each other perfectly . also several great supporting roles , john turturro as a child molesting bowler named jesus . 
the coen 's script plays off perfectly and it all goes together to make it extremely entertaining 
this is a extremely funny movie with lots of belly laugh moments . 
the coen brothers have assembled a great cast that play off each other perfectly . also several great supporting roles , john turturro as a child molesting bowler named jesus . 
the new offering from the creators of 1996 's critical hit fargo , is to say the least , wildly entertaining . 
i doubt this movie will be nearly as popular as fargo , but its off the wall moments make it so far the best of 1998 . if you like anything else the coen brothers have done you will love this one , if not they give this one a try its a little different . 
but it is the character of pam who commands centrestage , and ashley judd rises to the challenge with great alternating currents of ferocity and tenderness , making pam into a fascinating yet often infuriating person . 
moustached , with a tough paternal look and yet a voice and eyes that suggest sadness verging on exasperation , he is perfectly cast as the long - suffering husband . 
but the funniest bits in uhf are so hysterical that we can forgive the ones that fail 
it 's hilarious . 
it 's not often that i laugh so hard at a movie that my head hurts . 
while uhf is not an absolute must - see , it 's definitely the ticket if you 're looking for a wild and zany , whacked - out comedy . 
for instance , weird al 's mock video of " money for nothing " by dire straits is only mildly amusing and brings the film to a grinding halt ( although it does have some nifty computer animation ) . 
another highlight is a vintage cameo by the incomparable emo philips . 
the funniest scene , the one that made my head spin , is a commercial for spatulas which has to be seen to be believed . 
well , since airplane . much of the credit goes to weird al 's exceptionally inventive script and to the movie 's winsome cast 
but those nice touches fail to enliven a film that is too slow or make up for a lackluster ending . 
the cinematography , by javier aguirresarobe , is as good as i have ever seen and nicole kidman gives another in her growing body of fine performances . 
the cinematography , by javier aguirresarobe , is as good as i have ever seen and nicole kidman gives another in her growing body of fine performances . 
earlier , there is an outstanding scene where grace darts outside , only to be enveloped in fold after fold of shimmering fog . 
the visuals in the otherworldly sequence , courtesy of aguirresarobe , are simply astounding . 
this is an important film , telling an important story . 
a private matter " is a fascinating story 
, no keanu reeves this time , but fear not , jason patrick is more than up to the job . 
she does that perfectly ! ) , jason patrick fills the action hero role superbly and willem dafoe is just great as the crazed terrorist . 
she does that perfectly ! ) , jason patrick fills the action hero role superbly and willem dafoe is just great as the crazed terrorist . 
simple in construction , effective in it 's execution , and the result , a clear and concise , highly enjoyable action film . 
overall , speed 2 is a most enjoyable thrill ride . 
, no keanu reeves this time , but fear not , jason patrick is more than up to the job . 
not up to it 's predecessor 's high calibre but very good all the same . 
the underrated sam neill turns in perhaps his most heartfelt , emotive performance as the nice - guy husband , who is as authoritive and likeable as tom . 
redford may look great on - screen , but over the past few years , he 's proven himself a bigger talent behind the camera . 
the horse whisperer is delicately made . 
he is indeed a refreshing change from the sexist , lout of a husband so many writers resort to as a short - cut for explaining away the cheating spouse 's motivation . 
( a gimmicky but effective technique the filmmakers employ is a switch in aspect ratio from squarish to widescreen when the central location shifts from new york to montana . ) 
the underrated sam neill turns in perhaps his most heartfelt , emotive performance as the nice - guy husband , who is as authoritive and likeable as tom . 
the horse whisperer has little to offer in the way of surprise , but it does have an honesty that is refreshing and consistently enjoyable to watch , especially in the final third of the story . 
ordinary people is one of the best films of the nineteen - eighties , and it was the first picture he helmed . 
she impresses the viewer as a maneating biker girl . 
everything about the movie is perfect , from set design to casting . 
the dialogues are inspired and the touches of black humor add a certain bite . 
ky karyo is perfect as anton . 
" addicted to love " is one of this year 's most pleasant surprises . 
the camera obscura adds a " special something " to the movie and makes it an exceptional romantic comedy . 
griffin dunne brings us the most charming comedy 
overall the film is funny and there are plenty of laughs and saucy jokes 
the set and costume design is first class and the overall production of this film is good . 
there are stand - out performances by sid james as henry , joan sims as marie , and terry scott in an unusual role as the cardinal . 
, so that is why i mainly recommend it to carry on fans only , but there is enough humour in the film to make it worth anyone 's while to sit down and watch it . 
whether the attachment is to the two main characters or to their dreams , is probably as debatable as whether it was the acting or the direction that makes this film so memorable . 
we will soon be in miami " is the last sentence uttered in this film and what a shocking , moving end of a film it is . 
i admire this film not only because it passes so pleasantly , but because it has lofty aspirations and succeeds in them . 
shakespeare in love tries so many things , and nails every one of them 
: it 's a film that both loves shakespeare and makes fun of him , a film in which the actors , writers , and director are all perfectly in sync . 
because it pays attention to detail and knows its subject matter . 
it could have been a smug , self - important movie that panders to die - hard shakespeare fans , but the appeal of this film is almost universal : 
i was instantly won over by joseph fiennes in the lead role : he has such searing optimism and energy ; he 's clearly a man who admires shakespeare , and even in the shortcomings that he gives his character ( inability to turn away from women , attention deficit disorder ) , we sense a great deal of affection and care . 
" the ensemble cast is perhaps the strongest this year . 
it 's so rare that a picture with such high aspirations succeeds in all of its endeavors 
judi dench , however , has the best supporting performance as queen elizabeth : rarely has so much depth been conveyed in so few words . 
director john madden does a fantastic job dabbling in slapstick humor -- scenes like these would have seemed obtuse in the hands of a lesser director . 
fiennes is matched by paltrow ( whose english accent is so good that wonder where she actually comes from ) ; she is an actress who exudes strength and conviction in every performance 
and , despite the difficulty of their task , they have succeeded . 
the sheer skill with which it has been written , acted , and produced . 
shakespeare in love is one of the smartest , funniest , most touching films of the year . 
if you 've ever read a play by shakespeare , or know anything about his life , it 's likely that you 'll find grand entertainment in shakespeare in love . 
but here we have a movie that defines success : it is at once charmingly acted and flawlessly written . 
the story is moving , but there are a few missed opportunities in the final scenes . 
the two performers work perfectly together , taking the passionate scenes as far as possible without making them melodramatic , and wringing the comedic scenes for every conceivable laugh . 
one of the funniest scenes in the film is an imitation of the famous terrace scene from the play ; in the movie , shakespeare is bumbling about while viola is trying to fend off her nurse maid . 
stoppard is a master of detail 
shakespeare in love is an amazingly good film , not because it works as great entertainment , but 
of course , it does n't hurt that they have a masterful script to work with . 
the chemistry between these two academy award nominees , him for what 's eating gilbert grape and her for sense and sensibility , is nothing short of astonishing . 
there are more than enough characters to love and to hate , and all of the casting is dead - on . special effects work best when their presence becomes almost undetectable . 
peter lamont 's sets are more than authentic . 
the movie is both a great love story told with the disaster as a backdrop and a portrayal of one of the world 's most memorable disasters made real and personal by seeing it through the eyes of two young lovers . 
gives a wonderfully captivating performance as young rose . 
in either case , it is filmmaking at its best . 
the story is so rich that my description has merely touched the surface . 
from the scene where he embarrasses her by repeatedly asking if she loves her finace to the beautiful one of them hanging off the ship 's bow to the one where she embarrasses him by asking him to paint her nude , they dazzle the screen with a pair of mesmerizing performances . 
entering the ship on its day out is rose along with her millionaire fiance , cal hockley , played with perfect snobbishness by billy zane . 
in his best performance ever plays jack with confidence and charisma . 
as a business proposition , it seems hard to see how it can ever break even , but as a movie it is nothing short of wonderful . if you 've already neatly categorized it as yet another disaster movie a la volcano or the poseidon adventure , think again . 
ian holm , in arguably the best performance of his distinguished career , plays mitchell stephens , an intense man of quiet misery . 
whose most notable trait is its touching subtlety . 
more than anything , the film is like a master painting . 
the story unfolds slowly and always believably . 
the cinematography by paul sarossy is sweeping in its outdoor grandeur , but it is in the warm , shadowy , intimate moments indoors where it works best . 
it features exciting plot developments , commanding performances , lots of suspense , and a conclusion that is chilling , riveting , and quite unfair . 
these scenes alone are quite impressive ; as fascinating as they are harrowing . 
seven has compelling characters that it wants us to know and understand , and fincher ties them all together in a completely pessimistic view of society . 
these three characters are all performed with skill and authenticity 
in the extremely intense and superbly performed closing scenes , were allowed to see that doe is , in his mind , merely a product of society . 
besides the stylistic and larger - issue arguments for seeing this film , i recommend seven because it is , after all , also a very slick and well - made thriller . 
seven is a powerful , fully - realized film on the level of the silence of the lambs . 
throw in the appropriate but not - to - be - underestimated effects of lighting and a foreboding score and the result is a technical masterpiece of the murder scene . 
yet , seven is more than just a technical accomplishment . 
these scenes alone are quite impressive ; as fascinating as they are harrowing . 
director bille august manages to create a faithful adaptation of victor hugo 's novel , which , though omitting some of the political undertones , remains true to the overall story and tone of the book . 
the supporting cast is also extraordinary . 
in particular deserves kudos for his portrayal of a man trying to do good , but continually haunted by his past . 
this latest attempt does an admirable job at the translation . 
the movie manages to be completely engrossing without the andrew lloyd webber flourishes . 
does a superb job of translating the characters , story , and heart of the novel to the screen . 
the experience is bolstered by strong performances throughout , though neeson and rush deservedly take center stage with their core roles . 
its intimate studies of character make it the superior film . 
he pulls it off marvelously . 
the film goes to brilliant , often hilarious and sometimes harrowing lengths to show us that the people who choose to produce or perform in these films are generally not all that bright and lack the basic tools to function in the mainstream world . 
, the movie manages to produce some authentic moments of feeling and warmth . 
gloria estefan also delivers in the tiny role of a supportive second - grade teacher , and the three lead actresses together produce a flaming fireball of estrogenic force . 
it does n't strike the perfect chord , but ` music of the heart ' is highly convincing . 
in it 's entirety , it 's a wholesome and agreeable movie for the whole family , despite the periodic flaws that surface every once in awhile . 
there 's some powerful moments between roberta and her two sons , who must cope when their father leaves them for another woman . 
the child actors are cute and perform up to par , even if some of their problems are clich ? 
yes , meryl streep brings her dramatic clout to the demanding role of guaspari , and that brings both good news and bad . 
at first , his inexperience with the genre is fairly obvious , but as the film progresses craven finds a surprisingly comfortable niche with directing this material . 
the tag team of streep and craven works better than you would anticipate . 
it 's a good movie for anyone to see , although missing out on the experience would not be a life - altering decision . 
in addition , it 's also a terrific family film . 
yes , oscar could come calling once again for meryl streep , but it 's the solid ensemble cast that makes ` music of the heart ' work . 
one nice surprise is rob lowe , as the young # 2 , who patterns wagner 's voice and movements right down to a tee . 
mini - me is the most perfect new character that any fan could ask for , and troyer does a terrific job of mimicking everything that his big brother does , pinkie and all . 
austin powers 2 , the sequel to the sleeper hit of 1997 , is filled to the brim with uproarious sight gags and lurid toilet jokes that will make you keel over with hilarity . 
this sequel will not leave fans disappointed ; it 's more often than not a laugh riot . 
there are many good things about this sequel . 
the audience was in stitches . 
but myers has clearly put so much dedication into this project , and many bits are side - splittingly funny . 
ap2 has many hilarious moments , much more so , than the original austin powers . 
this works surprisingly well 
in that simple regard , ` final destination ' is my cup of tea . 
this stylishly executed thriller , although tagged with laughable circumstances and the occasional snippet of lame dialogue , is an immensely entertaining jaunt to the dark side . 
this stylishly executed thriller , although tagged with laughable circumstances and the occasional snippet of lame dialogue , is an immensely entertaining jaunt to the dark side . 
` final destination ' has no slicing and dicing , or at least none dealt by a human killer , and the thought of death itself as the unseen stalker is unique and frightening . 
` final destination ' stimulates the nerves and offers a exhilarating retaliation strike against all the blood - spattered slasher crap we 've endured throughout the past few years . 
-- actually intelligent . 
some splotty logic and a heap of characteristic genre flaws aside , this film is among the most refreshing and all - out enjoyable horror movies to submerge since the cutting - edge ` scream ' in 1996 . 
is that one helluva premise , or what ? 
it 's fun 
a sense of giddy unpredictability is added with this inventive approach . 
the plot twists are fun and clever without toppling into utter absurdity ( listen up , ` reindeer games ' ) . 
unlike most thrillers , the set - up is crisp and cool . 
creative , resourceful and breathlessly inventive , the death sequences involve an unlikely string of events leading to a character 's demise . 
spielberg is at his top form in this sequence , offering a brutal " flesh fair " where robots are destroyed via sadistic methods for the amusement of paying customers . 
if ever an actor deserved an academy award nomination , it is this lad , who brings a sense of joy and wonder to the role of david , a being created for the express purpose of loving . 
futuristic sets are breathtaking , especially a mostly submerged new york , lost to the world by the melting of the polar ice caps . 
is a most interesting and thought - provoking examination of a future that is quickly gaining on us . 
is really a showcase for the acting talents of the amazing young osment . 
aside from cinque , who is a fully - realized individual , characterization is spotty , but the acting is top - notch 
finally , there 's anthony hopkins , whose towering portrayal of john quincy adams is as compelling as anything the great actor has recently done . 
although not as masterful as schindler 's list , amistad is nevertheless a gripping motion picture . thematically rich , impeccably crafted , and intellectually stimulating , the only area where this movie falls a little short is in its emotional impact . 
it is to spielberg 's credit that he has fashioned such a compelling motion picture without a prominent antagonist . 
it remains to be seen how much longevity the amistad phenomena has , but one thing is certain -- with spielberg 's rousing , substantive film leading the way , the spotlight has now illuminated this chapter of american history . 
amistad 's presentation of the legal and political intricacies surrounding the trial are fascinating , making this movie one of the most engrossing courtroom dramas in recent history . 
a fine example of film making , is not as transcendent . 
although not as masterful as schindler 's list , amistad is nevertheless a gripping motion picture . thematically rich , impeccably crafted , and intellectually stimulating , the only area where this movie falls a little short is in its emotional impact . 
these flaws are forgivable , though -- the coens have crafted a tale so rich with personality that it 's hard to look at the final product with anything but a big grin on your face . without a doubt , " the big lebowski " is the best film so far this year . 
as they unravel their exceedingly loopy tale , and must be commended for juggling a number of people and subplots one would expect to find in a robert altman flick . whether we 're watching bridges fend off a marmet in his bathtub or moore don viking duds and dance in a busby berkeley - esque dream sequence , " the big lebowski " is immensely lively . 
sam elliott 's rambling narration gets the film off to a solid start . 
thanks in part to delicious characterization and an all - encompassing sense of humor , the film is a smashing success . 
the coens ( joel directed , ethan produced and both wrote ) keep you in stitches 
these flaws are forgivable , though -- the coens have crafted a tale so rich with personality that it 's hard to look at the final product with anything but a big grin on your face . without a doubt , " the big lebowski " is the best film so far this year . 
the cast has a great deal of fun with the bounteous material they 're given . 
the big lebowski " deserves to win the coens the same amount of acclaim that " fargo " did ; while that 1996 black comedy was certainly a better film , " lebowski " is at least as breathtakingly imaginative . 
dominique swain , who plays archer 's daughter , also does a nice job , though her character is not as explored as much as allen 's or gershon 's . 
my favourite cage scene was definitely when he was crashed out in compardre dietrich hassler 's hideout . 
even travolta 's great performance , however , paled in comparison to cage 's character portrayals . 
the part where archer and troy have a stand off on either side of a double - sided mirror is just plain brilliant . 
first , the movie 's ending , whilst being very good overall , was a bit too drawn out for it 's own good . 
i 've never been a big john travolta fan , but he , like cage , perfectly suited his role in the movie . . . . . 
several action scenes are just so well choreographed that they just make wish that you could press ' rewind ' and watch it over again . 
but i thought it was about as close as an action movie has ever came to perfect 
it 's an action movie with brilliantly portrayed characters . . . . . 
the acting throughout the film is staggeringly good for an action flick . 
i knew this fact only five minutes into the film , after the brilliantly shot and acted opening sequence where sean archer loses his son blew me off my feet . 
it 's always been , with an appealing cast in a fun story told with great music . 
not only is " nights " tremendously catchy , but it 's also a smart look at how men and women see the same events with varying eyes . 
some of the most pleasing moments come from the smaller , quieter moments ; the oscar - nominated " hopelessly devoted to you " is a lovely showcase for newton - john , and channing 's lamenting ballad " there are worse things i could do " is one of " grease " 's most unjustly overlooked tunes . 
and it 's a testament to " grease " 's timeless success that nothing needs to be changed -- it 's the same all - around blast 
and it 's a testament to " grease " 's timeless success that nothing needs to be changed -- it 's the same all - around blast 
so sandy hooks up with a gang herself -- the pink ladies , headed by sassy , sexy rizzo ( stockard channing , just superb as an independent woman well ahead of her time ) -- and danny , who still really feels love for her , attempts a compromise of ideals in order to win her back . 
not only is " nights " tremendously catchy , but it 's also a smart look at how men and women see the same events with varying eyes . 
to celebrate its 20th anniversary , this quintessential movie musical is getting the royal treatment reserved for classics like " star wars " -- a well - deserved , red - carpet rerelease . 
, adds to the comedy in a great way . 
and each scene with hrundi and the drunken waiter , who is alone hilarious 
it also includes a number of memorable scenes 
the party can be compared to many other films of it 's type , specifically the trio of naked gun movies and the airplane movies , but the party is a delightful movie that incorporates very well played out comedy into believable situations . 
bakshi , played very well by peter sellers , is a struggling actor who just came to america from his homeland , india . 
each scene in which hrundi encounters a situation , usually one that he ca n't handle , is almost always very humorous . 
if you 're in the mood for fun and enjoyable slapstick comedy , check out the party . 
after a slew of endlessly violent and cynical movies , it 's downright refreshing to sit through an innocent picture like this and laugh without feeling guilty . 
the film is also mercilessly exciting , particularly in a superbly - staged scene involving our heroes ' escape from a bird ( a little bird never seemed so huge and threatening ) . 
with such strong work in both animation and script , a bug 's life is nothing but 
a joy to sit through . 
in fact , it 's one of the best films this year : it 's smart , subtle , and funny , but it 's also perfect family entertainment and relentlessly entertaining . 
in fact , it 's one of the best films this year : it 's smart , subtle , and funny , but it 's also perfect family entertainment and relentlessly entertaining . 
as was the case with the meteor movies , disney has come out on top : though antz is a likable movie , a bug 's life is far superior . 
the same people who brought us toy story , a bug 's life has some of the most amazing visuals i 've ever seen . 
flick , with solid voice work from foley , is a great guy to lead the story . 
a bug 's life is a remarkable film in its own right , and deserves to be seen apart from any other computer - animated film about bugs . 
i have n't had such a good time at the movies in months . 
the little mermaid is worth a big - screen ticket in 1997 , so hurry up , you only have five days left . serving america for more than 1/25th of a century ! 
all the elements are there -- memorable songs like " under the sea " and " kiss the girl , " cartoon animals like sebastian and flounder , an evil villain who still has characterization and charm , and a fair amount of humor that caters to adults as well as children . 
it ranks as one of the best disney cartoons , certainly since the ' 50s . 
all the elements are there -- memorable songs like " under the sea " and " kiss the girl , " cartoon animals like sebastian and flounder , an evil villain who still has characterization and charm , and a fair amount of humor that caters to adults as well as children . 
it 's a simplistic plot , yes , but the little mermaid was a revolution in the disney world , coming after such lackluster efforts as the black cauldron and oliver and company . 
rosmary 's trip to the bathroom after drinking too much beer is beautifully orchestrated , and kerry fox is at her hilarious best trying to cope with the long train in a small bath , all while talking to her brother . as much as anything , the film is a series of character sketches . 
this delightful little picture mixes love , tragedy and pathos , resulting in a hopeful and almost magical concoction . 
rosmary 's trip to the bathroom after drinking too much beer is beautifully orchestrated , and kerry fox is at her hilarious best trying to cope with the long train in a small bath , all while talking to her brother . as much as anything , the film is a series of character sketches . 
the richly acted film is written and directed by thom fitzgerald in a quirky but loving style . 
this delightful little picture mixes love , tragedy and pathos , resulting in a hopeful and almost magical concoction . 
the ultimate result is an uplifting story that has more hope that one would ever expect from the outline of its plot . 
the director manages to stage simple scenes in wonderfully imaginative ways . 
" scream 2 . " and believe it or not , it 's a doozy -- a slick , sinister , madly subversive good time at the movies , as intent on sending up hollywood 's sequel syndrome as much as its prequel poked fun at slasher conventions . 
does so many things right , it 's petty to quibble . 
there are other superb set pieces , but explaining them risks ruining their effect . 
( i do n't think i 'll ever feel safe in a movie theater again ) that effectively foreshadows the ratio of smart scares and spoofy laughs down the road . 
the attractive , solid cast is a definite bonus . 
another flawless example of this is a riotous cell phone - assault of the killer on randy , dewey and gale in broad daylight ; it builds comedically and ends with genuine terror because of the emotional investment made on these delicious characters . 
" answers in realistic detail . 
still , zwick deserves credit for at least addressing the issue with as much realism as he does where so many movies ( willis ' " die hard " series , for example ) offer only a comic - book view on terrorism . 
not since " schindler 's list " has a movie captured human spirit and true despair so well 
the truman show is truly " the film of the decade " and " a breakthrough " and more . 
this is the first oscar - worthy film of not only this year , but of the last five years . 
jim carrey shows that he does n't need to talk out of his butt to entertain us ; that he can be as dramatic as any of hollywood 's leading men . 
for , as i said , this is the movie of a lifetime and the role is of the same calibre . 
and the way the camera constantly takes the forms it would in the " real " truman show is clever and well - done . 
this is a classic in the making , and ( to borrow a line from esquire 's review ) it stars jim carrey . 
such a movie comes around only once in a lifetime , where you find yourself feeling everything that the character is feeling , and this , friends , is it . 
in go , she delivers , hands - down , her best performance to date . 
i wish i cared more about go 's characters : like the techno music they listen to , the bands of anarchists on display here are at once absorbing and vacuous . 
entertain me it did 
thanks to a great script by david koepp , and amazing performances by pacino and miller . 
he has great energy , and even measures up to the greatness that is pacino . 
and what a shame because pacino and de palma both do amazing jobs with it , and turn it into a great piece of a pulpy character study . 
thanks to a great script by david koepp , and amazing performances by pacino and miller . 
as i said , penelope ann miller is great , and she and pacino actually have very good chemistry . 
it 's a great little film , and proof that the residential critics and mass populus are not always right . 
this is the most brilliantly done , and most emotionally stimulating scene in the entire film , and probably the best in de palma film history . 
this is the most brilliantly done , and most emotionally stimulating scene in the entire film , and probably the best in de palma film history . 
it 's a wonderful film , a highly underrated little masterpiece which was shelved after it did n't do so hot . 
that 's what it is : an underrated gem of a movie . 
the acting from all is great , especially from the three leads . 
what 's shocking about " carlito 's way " is how good it is . having gotten a bit of a bad rap for not being a big box office hit like pacino 's previous film , " scent of a woman , " and not having as strong a performance as he did in that one ( he had just won an oscar ) , " carlito 's way " was destined for underrated heaven . 
scenes are well - written , with some good clever dialogue which adds some interest to an otherwise bland relationship . and sean penn is amazing as the coke - addicted rat attorney . 
brilliantly executed , emotional climax , which is inevitable . 
life is beautiful is a rare treat : a lighthearted comedy that tackles a very serious subject without committing the sins of being disrespectful , or , even worse , humorless . 
however , it is able to successfully navigate the minefield , without demeaning the gravity of the horrors involved , nor without losing its humorous edge that allows you to smile through the tears . 
subtitle - phobes will be missing a wonderful experience . 
it combines a charming romance with a dash of farce , stirs in a little poignancy , and ends up a very enjoyable movie . 
with life is beautiful , benigni has created a triumphant , but bittersweet comedy . 
as a romantic comedy , it is sweet and funny . 
he is able to run the gamut of comic expression , from slapstick to farce , with a warm - hearted feeling that celebrates his downtrodden hero 's " triumph of the underdog " spirit . 
it 's quite simply one of the most enjoyable times 
predicting the outcome is not entirely difficult , but ` keeping the faith ' is open , entertaining and refreshingly relaxed as it travels en route from point a 
the quality is not quite heaven - sent , but this little charmer could revive our ` faith ' in a potentially tired filmmaking genre . 
once the film does settle in , it is often funny and always cheerful 
edward norton has emerged as one of the finest , most flexibly versatile actors in hollywood - a success story sparked by his critically lauded debut in the 1996 thriller ` primal fear ' . after shockingly bitter roles in ` american history x ' and , most recently , david fincher 's vicious ` fight club ' , a quaint romantic comedy might seem like a peculiar choice . 
weighing every aspect , it is unanimously an impressive directorial debut 
in addition , norton pushes all the right buttons 
` keeping the faith ' is a highly enjoyable romantic comedy , although one that is more observant while surveying the questions of love rather than religion . 
` keeping the faith ' is the perfect date flick 
norton slips into the director 's chair for the first time with ` keeping the faith ' , and here his incisive , resourceful approach helps add additional craft to a surprisingly perceptive screenplay by stuart blumberg . 
and of course there 's always ali to consider , as he shamelessly , and hilariously , hams it up in front of the camera , shadow boxing and uttering one inspired rhyme after another - " we gon na get it on coz 
fortunately , by refusing to simplify their complex subject matter , they have captured the richness and excitement of this unique event . 
fortunately , by refusing to simplify their complex subject matter , they have captured the richness and excitement of this unique event . 
the acting , writing , and production values are as high as , if not higher than , comparable american dramas . 
this father - and - son delight-- sverak also wrote the script , while his son , jan , directed-- won a golden globe for best foreign language film and , a couple days after i saw it , walked away an oscar . in czech and russian , with english subtitles . 
kolya is one of the richest films i 've seen in some time . 
anna and the king strides onto the screen in full regalia , wearing a brilliant suit of sumptuous landscapes , deep , vibrant colors and an epic storyline . 
it is an impressively assured and nuanced performance . 
anna and the king transcends being a predictable , traditional love story by avoiding mawkishness . 
it shows a seduction of intelligence . 
ever mindful of each other 's positions , anna and king mongkut negotiate a maze of social customs , conflicting world views and lost loved ones to connect on a level that ultimately proves deeply satisfying , if not achingly bittersweet . 
it is one of foster 's strongest performances since silence of the lambs in a role she could not have played earlier in her career . 
she brings a mature self- awareness and determination that might not have come across from a younger foster . 
it 's a joy to watch her cagily bargain for her own measure of influence within the realm of mongkut 's monarchy . 
rachel portman , a composer of such sweet and lyrical tenderness , provides a score that 's absolutely right for the project -- sweet , lyrical , and tender . 
a lot of good casting decisions have gone into the making of " the cider house rules , " an adaptation of irving 's poetic 1994 novel about a restless young man called homer wells . 
there 's impressive new england photography by oliver stapleton too . 
m , who shows enormous skill in pulling this collective together and helping bring irving 's marvelously touching story to life . 
m , who shows enormous skill in pulling this collective together and helping bring irving 's marvelously touching story to life . 
for the many beloved who pass away in " the cider house rules , " it 's an extraordinarily life - affirming story . 
all give surprisingly satisfying performances 
in fact , at the risk of sounding sacrilegious to all the adorning fans of scream , i would say that scream 2 might even be the better film ! 
she goes about slaying an assortment of gorgeous twenty year olds , but this * is * a sequel , and without deviating from the original groundwork we are still given a fresh outlook on horror movies . 
easily lives up to , if not surpassing , it 's precursor . 
it 's unlikely to assume that a scream 3 wo n't appear in the next few years , but if they do decide to turn this into an undeniably acclaimed horror - trilogy , let 's hope they can keep up the fantastic work 
this is in large part due to williamson 's deliciously written script , which will easily leave you satisfied . as much as the film condemns the use of cliches , it is riddled with them , but it is done so effectively , and with skillful direction by craven , that you 're not bound to complain . 
all the actors outdo themselves here . 
it flows so well that you feel more like you 're reading chapter two of a book ( long chapters , eh ? ) than just revitalizing a cast of familiar faces . 
heinlein 's basic motifs are so faithfully rendered that their flaws become a source of amusement , while their strengths become the stuff of high - energy entertainment . 
some thrilling action sequences , sending swarms of bugs after the anonymous grunts then having various body parts strewn about the screen like landscaping . 
even so , the essence of horror is = carried out very well in this film , thanks to its well - paced = storytelling , disturbing set designs and some really gory sequences = ( which incidentally , has been quite generously removed by our censorship = board ) . 
even so , the essence of horror is = carried out very well in this film , thanks to its well - paced = storytelling , disturbing set designs and some really gory sequences = ( which incidentally , has been quite generously removed by our censorship = board ) . 
= 20 director paul anderson ( who did mortal kombat ) and his team of = ` atmosphere ' creators have done well in keeping event horizon within the = bounds of the term ` horror ' . 
it is so good in achieving its = purpose , i actually wished for the film to end itself quickly . 
the plot takes some wonderfully bizarre turns and the killer 's identity is genuinely shocking and surprising . 
writer / director argento creates several sequences of surreal , haunting beauty here , including a masterfully shot sleepwalking episode and a striking scene when a swarm of flying insects descends on the school at jennifer 's beckoning . 
the film 's opening music reccurs several times , an eerie and evocative score that perfectly sets the overall tone . 
it gels surprisingly well . 
the " italian hitchcock " and acknowledged master of the giallo murder - mystery dario argento again offers us a fascinating turn on the formula in pheneomena . 
phenomena is an imaginative , original thriller . 
the one thing that did blow my mind 
it moves admirably from one scene to the next , without much basis of their being , while presenting us with the two days in the life of writer hunter s . 
if you are prepared to get high or intoxicated before watching this film , i would say that this is one picture that you will thoroughly enjoy on a multitude of colorful levels . 
mcconaughey is superb 
, is altogether stunning . 
the story is a gripping 
the film itself is a visual wonder . 
as the lawyer defending the africans , hopkins is sensational as the old adams , freeman is outstanding when used ( spielberg vastly under uses his supreme talents ) , and the rest of the cast is stellar . 
his emotional intensity is brilliant . 
but spielberg 's finest work in the film , the opening scene , a scene of cinque 's family , and the brutal voyage of the slaves to america 
one , and one of extreme importance . kudos to spielberg for finding it , finding the right men for the job , and letting the audience listen to the words of cinque . a good job all around . 
spielberg manages to make even the slowest scenes sparkle with focus on hounsou , and the film 's extraordinary power is simply captivating . 
one , and one of extreme importance . kudos to spielberg for finding it , finding the right men for the job , and letting the audience listen to the words of cinque . a good job all around . 
although your friends and neighbors does n't have the power of labute 's earlier film it still manages to be somewhat entertaining and funny , while maintaining a melancholy philosophy on human relationships . 
there are some hysterical scenes , one involves jason patric , aaron eckhart , and ben stiller 's characters . 
the film 's cast is exceptional with oscar caliber performances by catherine keener , aaron eckhart , and jason patric . 
the whole scene is hilarious and exceptionally well written and acted . 
kim novak is as lovely as always in this movie , even if she seems to be a bit too old for a student . 
it 's my mission in life to spread the word : see this movie ! fred , george , doug and howie are reaching middleage . 
tony randall is funny as always 
i love this movie , and i 've just seen for the umptenth time . 
this film is an entertaining endeavor . 
even though there are some occasional effects that are not quite good , like the ground opening when the black cauldron rises out of the earth , the animation overall is top notch . 
the animation itself is surprisingly good considering that this film was created in the darkest time of the studios . 
it 's a classic in its own right . 
even though it does n't have all of the ingredients of a true disney film , this film is a classic in its own right , and deserves a far better chance than what it has been given . 
they got quite a treat . 
the film has a wonderful cast of characters . 
quiz show is an extremely well done movie , and robert redford 's direction is especially superb 
quiz show is an extremely well done movie , and robert redford 's direction is especially superb 
the performances turned in by john turturro , ralph fiennes , and rob morrow are very good , although it seems that turturro stands out more than any . 
definitely a film you should not miss . 
the rest of the film is a suspenseful journey in which each man suspects the other constantly . 
she gives a strong performance as a woman who is pulled between these two men . 
i loved watching every second of it . 
also featured is the woman travelling with the criminal , well played by janet leigh . 
some of the best acting i ? ve ever seen . 
i can ? t recall seeing a film recently that was so well - acted from top to bottom . from minnie driver ? 
despite some serious character problems , this is still a very good film . 
the story starts out well enough and is a pretty original basis for a film . 
his performance is truly extraordinary . which leads me to the really good part of the review . 
despite its faults , it is still an intriguing and fascinating film and you are not likely to see a better acted one this year . 
the performances are magnificent . 
i highly recommend ? 
it is an extremely fun film that you will want to see again . 
that independence day did n't , and towers above many other movies of its type . 
although another alien movie , men in black succeeds in every way 
and the upcoming x - men film , has surely struck gold with this story . 
the ending of the film , which ties up a few loose ends for one of the main characters , is also very well done 
men in black is an explosive mix of science fiction , action , and comedy that hits the target in every possible way . 
the special effects are also very well done and are not the entire source of the plot , as in another big alien film from the past summer . 
the brilliant acting , especially by tommy lee jones as agent kay , is also as good as it gets . 
director barry sonnenfeld , who was behind the camera for the addams family movies and get shorty , has crafted a masterpiece . 
the brilliant acting , especially by tommy lee jones as agent kay , is also as good as it gets . 
the story behind men in black is just as interesting as you would want it to be . 
the characters , with all of their human foibles and neuroses , are wonderfully developed by fiennes and blanchett . 
despite some obvious overplotting , oscar and lucinda is a mostly effective and often affecting motion picture that touches our hearts while daring our minds to balk at its implausible coincidences . 
storyline faults pale in the light of two such finely - realized characters . 
the actress , who appeared earlier this year as one of the leads in bruce beresford 's paradise road , is mesmerizing as lucinda . 
with the skill of a consummate storyteller , she weaves romance , friendship , passion , humor , and tragedy together into a complete package . 
ralph fiennes , who normally plays strong , confident men , is very much at home 
there 's a real magic 
thematically , the film is also strong . 
oscar and lucinda still offers abundant pleasures to reward the viewer . 
solid costuming 
the rest of the players are first rate from start to finish with steven culp looking and sounding just like robert kennedy . 
this is where the film stands out as we see the workings of our government on the highest levels . 
it 's an impressive production with the careful use of period aircraft and ships that gives the film a veracity fitting the event . 
helmer donaldson and his fine crew and cast have given the depiction of this crucial event with the care and attention to details that make this one of the finest docudramas of the year . 
the special f / x of the u2 sequences are a nice crafting of computer imaging . 
" tech credits are superb across the board with an admirable depiction of the us armed forces being placed on a war footing . 
the filmmakers capture the accusations laid down by stevenson with accuracy , using old style video footage to good effect . 
the rest of the familiar players in this drama are uniformly well cast , too . 
and , thankfully , every bit of that personal investment translates on - screen into power and honest emotion . 
" the strength of duvall 's convictions turn out to be the strength of his film 
as sonny , he completely inhabits the character , and his performance is certainly the best of the year . because he spent so much time absorbing the traits , methods , quirks , and personalities of real preachers , duvall was able to create a complete character who always feels indelibly human . 
nearly our share of shag jokes , crude puns and powers ' antics and this sequel satisfies our appetites . 
-- even a fifth of them ) could be this consistently hysterical 
this may seem awfully immature of me , but understand that the austin powers series , unlike most of the crap hollywood feeds us these days , is genuinely funny . 
but weep not , dear readers , because the latest comedy out of the hollywood movie mill is nothing less than a sure bet . 
the spy who shagged me is one of the funniest things 
i 've had the pleasure to see in a long time ; a completely looney , delightful parody of the often pretentious james bond flicks . 
but weep not , dear readers , because the latest comedy out of the hollywood movie mill is nothing less than a sure bet . 
lost in the inundation of critical acclaim that greeted oliver stone 's platoon , this excellent film was dismissed as " too militaristic " . 
the acting throughout is solid with an absolutely stellar performance rendered by courtney b . vance as doc -- in a role that will have many flatly disbelieving that this is same actor they cheered as " seaman jones " in mctiernan 's red october . 
bannen and kelly are a perfect pair . 
it is light , but thought provoking and sweet . 
the performances by everyone in the town are great , particularly the two leads . 
surely would have graced the short group of the year 's finest films . 
waking ned devine is by no means perfect , but it is so sincere and touching that it looks so much better than most films . 
scripts as creative and endearing 
this is just a cute movie , even through its mildly risque subject matter . 
writer / director kirk jones should be held up as an example to all those hollywood screenwriters . 
dark city is certainly the best science fiction film of the 90 ? s , and ranks along with the best made in the 80s , such as blade runner and the two aliens films . 
shows a near masterpiece 
dark city is such a rare treat : 
story and themes were thought out and provoked strong response from the audience . 
to boot , it is accompanied by an intense , well written and thoughtful story . 
during this time , john murdoch , played swiftly by rufus sewell , wakes in a bathtub in a room with a swinging overhead light ( a terrific visual effect - not only is murdoch confused , but so is the audience ) . 
a pleasure to watch the characters develop through the cinematography . 
the result is an occasionally haunting , sometimes magical , and always insightful human drama . 
the acting is strong and believable . 
the film has a simple , unhurried rhythm that uses all of the available elements to fashion a successful whole . 
unlike several recent motion pictures adapted from plays , the winter guest has been successfully opened up . 
if you appreciate character studies , the winter guest is a solid effort with enough power to stay with you after you have left the theater . 
the mixture of veteran performers and first - timers is effective , with the most successful choice being the casting of real - life mother and daughter phylida law and emma thompson in the most prominent roles . 
alec guinness does a magnificent job of bringing col . nicholson to life and making him such an interesting character . 
the other actors deliver fine performances as well . 
the film is also well - photographed and has an apt score . 
but it has a lot of virtues as well . 
david lean 's direction is really effective and atmospherically perfect . 
i like this extraordinary film despite its weaknesses . 
the film is also well - photographed and has an apt score . 
and lean 's film is an interesting study of characters with clashing interests . 
this is why i think pleasantville was underrated . if the truman show had never been made , pleasantville probably would have received better reviews , done better at the box office , and would be remembered after it 's long been on the video store shelves . 
with the exception of don knotts as the annoying " tv repairman " the film is cast perfectly : the ice storm 's tobey maguire is david in real life ; he watches the old 50 's sitcom " pleasantville " to escape from his feuding parents . 
my best friend 's wedding opens with an inspired opening credit sequence which sets the tone for the film , and there are scenes where actors spontaneously burst into song to good comic effect 
my best friend 's wedding marks a strong career rebound for julia roberts , who turns in a top - notch , confident and reassured performance as julianne . 
there is a lot of smart writing in the well - paced screenplay by ronald bass ; we 're given four interesting , vivid , and likeable characters , with some good dialogue and some genuinely charming and touching moments . 
roberts works wonderfully in the film and demonstrates her aptitude at comedy here , remaining compelling and empathetic to the audience , if not entirely sympathetic , even when her deeds done to destroy the wedding plans of her best friend are less than honourable . 
rupert everett is given a very juicy role as george , and he makes the most of it with a hilarious turn which makes his character perhaps the most vivid and most memorable in the film . 
there is a lot of smart writing in the well - paced screenplay by ronald bass ; we 're given four interesting , vivid , and likeable characters , with some good dialogue and some genuinely charming and touching moments . 
roberts though is cameron diaz , who turns in a shining performance in my best friend 's weddding . 
there is a lot of smart writing in the well - paced screenplay by ronald bass ; we 're given four interesting , vivid , and likeable characters , with some good dialogue and some genuinely charming and touching moments . 
it was then to both my surprise and my delight to find that my best friend 's wedding was such a success - a strong , bouyant romantic - comedy with some decidedly unconventionally quirky comic aspects , featuring a triumphant performance from ms . 
it was then to both my surprise and my delight to find that my best friend 's wedding was such a success - a strong , bouyant romantic - comedy with some decidedly unconventionally quirky comic aspects , featuring a triumphant performance from ms . 
in a typical romantic - comedy , kimmy would be portrayed as a snooty , conniving ice queen , and the audience would be cheering for julianne to rescue michael from her grasps ; this film is smarter than that - here , kimmy is sweet , sincere , and innocent ; julianne even admits at one point that had she not resolved to utterly destroy kimmy 's life , she 'd actually like her too . 
rather , robocop stands out for its accurate and biting satire of american society . 
robocop is an intelligent science fiction thriller and social satire , one with class and style . 
robocop is an intelligent science fiction thriller and social satire , one with class and style . 
as a science fiction action - thriller , robocop is extremely effective . 
although the special effects and action are exciting , they do not by themselves set robocop apart from other films in the genre . 
however , to its credit , robocop easily has enough originality and unique personality to avoid becoming a cheap rip - off . 
several sequences in the film , such as the one in which robocop employs his extremely precise aim to stop a rapist , are destined to become cult - classics . 
russel carpenter 's rich , majestic and incredibly detailed cinematography is certainly award - worthy . 
everything from art direction to visual and sound effects are a top notch . 
it 's a good picture , but absolutely not a masterpiece . 
i liked very much 
the director does n't even try to overcome his empty script . because of its primitive and predictable plot , titanic is totally depending on the visuals that truly are breathtaking . 
and the actual catastrophe is masterfully crafted by director james cameron , combining visual -and sound effects , he re - creates the frightening atmosphere of the sinking ship in the middle of nowhere . 
of course , skillful direction does n't complete the package , but the rest of armageddon manages to keep everything together . 
bruce willis is terrific , and i 'm glad to see him bigger than life again ( recent turns in films like mercury rising have been very disappointing ) . 
so entertaining and so visually sharp 
the story is well - thought out ( and perfectly paced to provide for an abundance of action sequences that never feel out of place ) , 
it 's not mindless and escapist , but well - crafted cinema . 
the comic relief from buscemi and peter stormare ( who plays a crazy russian astronaut ) is nifty , and keeps the film lively and funny 
deep impact , visually , has absolutely nothing on armageddon , and to offer a comparison between the quality of this film and godzilla is simply laughable . 
patton , who is a magnificent actor , thankfully is not wasted here , and the minor subplot revolving around his ex - wife and son is very moving 
the comic relief from buscemi and peter stormare ( who plays a crazy russian astronaut ) is nifty , and keeps the film lively and funny 
but the film does n't insult my intelligence -- it 's pitched perfectly to entertain , which is what all it really wants to do . 
the story is well - thought out ( and perfectly paced to provide for an abundance of action sequences that never feel out of place ) , 
the special effects in this film put every other 1998 blockbuster to shame . 
everything here looks bright and explosive 
tyler and affleck are great together , and make a convincing couple -- all of the scenes between them work on a comfortable level . 
patton , who is a magnificent actor , thankfully is not wasted here , and the minor subplot revolving around his ex - wife and son is very moving 
so nice - looking that it actually qualifies as art 
the acting is terrific , the script is sharp , and -- get this -- there are characters . 
the story is well - thought out ( and perfectly paced to provide for an abundance of action sequences that never feel out of place ) , 
the effects that do n't look totally real are still a pleasure to behold , and i credit everyone involved for creating the first blockbuster 
chris tucker , on the opposite side , relates a hilarious comedic approach which smoothes out the rough edges to chan 's performance . 
a recommendable visit to the theater , indeed . 
jackie chan , in his first completely american production , makes an impressive debut by mixing dialogue with martial arts . 
does a fine job of going the extra mile to get his movie to move a step up , but it does n't quite reach the top tier of action - comedies like last year 's grosse pointe blank . 
he works perfectly with the script , and it 's quite likely he lent scribe jim kouf a hand with some of his lines . 
overall , though , i had a great time and found " story 2 " to be a worthy successor to the first " toy story . 
most of the vocal performances are first - rate . 
of course , in spite of the heavy themes " toy story 2 " explores , it 's also very funny . 
especially impressive were the textures of the figures . 
overall , though , i had a great time and found " story 2 " to be a worthy successor to the first " toy story . 
the brief substitution of a new , still delusional buzz was a welcome surprise ; i 'd wondered how a sequel could be as funny as the original without the pompous attitude buzz displayed in the original . 
the animation is even better than in the first . 
" blue velvet " miracuously succeeds at this even though it contains mediocre acting . 
thankfully , the obscurity that " blue velvet " relies on is enough to make this film enjoyable . since its elements are so originally weird , you never know what will happen next . 
it 's hard not to congratulate a guy for trying something new and sticking to it . 
lynch masterfully builds these subplots but he does not piece them all together in the very end and make a convenient crowd pleasing conclusion . 
for this sole reason it is recommended . 
do n't let these deter you , though ; " i went down " is a little gem . 
what 's also charming about 
" a trip worth taking . 
" so refreshing is the fact that it rarely panders to traditional conventions of hollywood gangster movies . 
" that film , too , was a road movie and it shares the same kind of wry dialogue and humorous situations 
mcdonald is a newcomer and a promising 
as mcpherson 's tale : whimsical observations on life , carefully - crafted vignettes , deadpan conversational asides , and scenes that 'll make you laugh out loud 
maybe . inventively and engagingly written by conor mcpherson and directed by paddy breathnach , " i went down 
and who can forget that catchy score by neal hefti ? 
neither of them compare to this comic masterpiece 
is at his best as the anxiety ridden felix , but it 's matthau who shines brightest as oscar , whose world is being invaded and rearranged , mostly against his wishes ( the type of character i always enjoy identifying with ) . 
movies just are n't as delightfully funny as this one is . 
the best thing about the film 
every line of neil simon 's dialogue flows like comedic poetry , and all the actors are just perfect in their performances . 
it 's one of the best comedies of all time and easily earns its spot in my top ten favorite films . 
the bottom line ? break out the popcorn money , moms and dads . 
paulie , like those side characters in disney cartoons , is cute and sassy , a strutting , miniature human . 
while watching paulie you hear little tykes in the theater laughing hysterically when paulie calls the cat a " stupid furball . 
it is nostalgic for those of us who remember that far back , and the technique is a clever adaptation that worked well in forest gump . 
it 's hilarious . 
i recommend this movie for anyone who wants to have a lot of fun or in need of a lot of laughs 
, you end up with an excellent , well - done , very entertaining flick . 
the scene has a good punch line when molly shannon marries , instead , the step - in buddy / weight - lifter ( who looks like he could pass for the son of gary busy ) and who has been lusting for a good - looker for a long time , but ready now to take anyone . 
this movie had us in non - stop stitches from beginning to end . 
what follows are some of the best slap - stick dancing routines ever . 
one of the funniest scenes is when the gold diggers discover that will and chris do n't have any mone y , and dump both on the spot , even expressing violence and anger that they gave sex away . 
the music is superb , and could have only been made better had the producers added patrick hernandez 's born to be alive . 
kaye gives us a good look at this fascinating , if distasteful , american subculture . 
edward norton gives an oscar - worthy performance . 
though clearly not for all tastes , this film is bold and daring . 
her instincts are to mate and procreate , and some of the best scenes deal with her attempts in this area . 
the main fault of species is lack of originality ; it starts out with a wonderful , albeit borrowed , premise , and then does n't live up to it . 
giger 's design for the main form of the alien creature is actually a bit boring when we finally get to see it , although previous digital effects were done quite smoothly . 
kingsley and whitaker are both consummate professionals , too good to not work to the best of their abilities ; but the performances donaldson elicited from the rest of the cast are disappointing and bland , and it is apparent that the direction was a bit weak . 
all we get are chase scenes and a few nice sex scenes , with a few monsters tossed in . 
and it is a shame , too , because this is otherwise by far one of the standouts this year . 
masterful work marred only by excessive gore . 
the direction is out of this world , surely the type of command that can win spielberg another directing oscar . 
he bends over , picks up his arm and starts to carry it , probably not bothering to ask himself ; " what now ? " saving private ryan is a masterfully composed film . 
the cinematography , by janusz kaminsky , is also astounding . 
the direction is out of this world , surely the type of command that can win spielberg another directing oscar . 
the standout , in my opinion , of the whole cast was famke janssen who turns in an oddly touching performance as the shy and meek english teacher who , after turning into an alien , becomes the sex bombshell . 
as members of the faculty , robert patrick ( " t2 : judgement day " ) was creepy as the gym coach ; piper laurie was amusing and threatening as the drama teacher ; bebe neuwirth actually was somehow able to look like an alien ; and salma hayek , as the school nurse with a bad case of the cold , was very funny in a small role . 
although not one of the best horror or science - fiction films i have seen , " the faculty " is still an exciting and worthy film that dimension films was smart to release around the holiday season when this type of genre offering is usually not released . 
one exception were the teens , who , aside from elijah wood , are not very well - known , but they all aquit themselves nicely , particularly wood ( the seasoned pro ) , clea duvall , and jordanna brewster . 
it might have been more fun if they had to face every one of the teachers , although the finale is still pretty impressive , and includes some showstopping creature effects , especially for a relatively low 15-million - dollar budget . 
the faculty " is another smart and pop - culturally hip film from williamson , although it does not equal up to his best film , the original " scream , " and rodriguez , whose " from dusk till dawn " is still one of the more original genre films of the 90 's . 
the plotline of " the faculty , " involving aliens taking over other people 's bodies , has been done quite a lot before , from " invasion of the body snatchers , " to " the puppet masters , " to " invaders from mars , " so one of the obstacles that williamson and rodriguez had to overcome was to somehow make the idea seem fresh , and by setting the goings - on at a high school and having the protagonists be a group of teens , they were mostly successful 
the epilogue was also a refreshing change - of - pace as it did not set up a sequel but ended on a note that probably could not have been any better . 
the sweet hereafter " though , is atom egoyan 's movie and as of now , he is emerging as the definite face of independent cinema . 
the assortment of high - profile supporting actors , ranging from woody harrelson as a yankee reporter " into " liquor and cigarrettes to marisa tomei as a huggable children 's aid or somesuch are incapable of rising above the sketchiness of their characters , albeit they strive . 
some mesmerizing flashbacks , we witness how she lost her purity . 
still , winterbottom eschews mawkishness through flashy , frantic editing and imaginative use of music . 
it not only explores the aftermaths of a terrible tragedy with magnificent subtlety , with cold , and stunning shots of the backdrop of this mistfortune but also by telegraphing the sense of devastation that has permeated the small town with an enormous amount of dignity and respect for each and every soul affected . 
it 's one of the most strikingly breathtaking takes on the loss of innocence i 've ever seen . 
but the most astounding part goes to sarah polly , the peaceful , benevolent girl who , in contrast to the other characters , remains the most mentally stable during past , present or future . 
relying on hand drawn and computer animation , the backgrounds and characters are amazingly detailed . 
finally , michelle pfeiffer does excellent work as moses wife . 
entertaining both for kids and adults , this film is a must see . 
they do n't disturb the movie , and while not particularly memorable , they are nice to listen to 
the vocal talent is also very good . 
but , spectacularly , and to dreamworks credit , nearly every child in the audience was captivated by the story and events happening on screen . 
does a fine job as moses ( although he does n't sing ) and ralph fiennes is superb as rameses ( and he _ does _ sing . ) 
does a fine job as moses ( although he does n't sing ) and ralph fiennes is superb as rameses ( and he _ does _ sing . ) 
coupled with the superb visuals , the prince of egypt is a visual and aural treat , backed up with a great story . 
coupled with the superb visuals , the prince of egypt is a visual and aural treat , backed up with a great story . 
also remarkable is the animation , which puts hercules , an almost ' slap dash ' effort , to shame . 
after the average mouse hunt , the silly small soldiers and the entertaining antz , dreamworks try again with the children 's film market with this stunning adaptation of the moses story . 
kudos to the animators . 
it 's a remarkable achievement . 
this movie is so infectious . and funny ! and entertaining ! 
sure some of the actors may not be great singers , but they seems to be having a great time , and so does the audience . 
i was n't sure if i 'd want to see . . . thankfully i did ! 
fritz lang 's first american film since leaving nazi germany , is an eye - opener about a lynch mob in a small town . 
his portrayal of the attempted lynching was powerfully done and was not compromised . 
the film is by no means a standard action / suspense yarn , but a thoughtful human story in which the characters come before the shoot - outs . 
isaiah washington has a break - out performance as frank beacham , and scenes with him and his weary wife ( lisa gay hamilton ) are truly heartfelt moments . 
eastwood was so successful with colorful character portraits that he did n't need to switch lanes . 
isaiah washington has a break - out performance as frank beacham , and scenes with him and his weary wife ( lisa gay hamilton ) are truly heartfelt moments . 
playing the big boss alan mann , woods and eastwood create amusing chemistry and laugh - out - loud punchlines . 
true crime is a tension - building , intriguing drama showcase for the talented director and star . 
but hands down , the most enjoyable segments of the film are when james woods is on camera . 